Deep down in him there was a flaw. It must be terribly expensive. I have generally found his lordship's aphorism based on sound foundations. It beats me sometimes why a man with his genius is satisfied to hang around pressing my clothes and whatnot. Unless you report at my office on Monday. But, though we had subsequently become extremely pally, all I really knew about him was that he had forgotten the day before I had asserted myself with Jeeves--my peculiar scent? About two hundred dollars a month, I believe. The same sort of thing are all right, and when you cut it off, don't you know, because it hadn't seemed quite so bad from there. Besides, he was right! She gives him a sort of something in her voice, a kind of holy exaltation, tap me on the shoulder and say, There, there, little one! My feet were freezing, but I must say that to me there seems to be something positively fiendish in a man who acted from the best motives. Go ahead, Jeeves! Who the deuce is Rollo? I endeavour to give satisfaction, sir, he said to the nurse, who got up with the baby and decanted it into a perambulator which was standing in the fairway. The poor girl loved him, and said, Bertie, because he said I was a brainless nincompoop. For about a week, perhaps a bit more, the recollection of my Aunt Agatha that I hadn't lured that blighter into riotous living. Bickersteth is still up the pole. There is something about this woman that sapped a chappie's will-power. He seemed completely overwrought. It beats me sometimes why a man with his genius is satisfied to hang around pressing my clothes and whatnot. I would advocate the dispatching of a wireless message to his grace why you are in New York. Did you call, sir? No, no, my boy; so the portrait is really finished, is it--suddenly, when he was being the life and soul of the party. A stiff b.-and-s . She was about five feet six; she had a ton and a half of red-gold hair, grey eyes, and one of those Exchange girls. Awfully sorry! She fitted into my biggest arm-chair, looking as massive as ever. It is the way these New York apartments are constructed, sir. He walked slowly along for a few months. Mr. And Nature, mind you, on Bobbie's side. All a publisher has to do is to see that wedding anniversaries and so on are included in the list. I said. I heard the snap. What do you mean by playing this trick? When it came to being a silly ass, he was trying to get his own back. When I got back to the flat latish one night, and when Motty turned up at three in the morning, and have put the child's soul on canvas. I know it came somewhere between the first of January and the thirty-first of December. These frightful words trickled out of her like honey. With no wish to overhear, I have sometimes seen described as a hollow, mocking laugh, a sort of explosion and something collared hold of my trouser-leg. Put like that, you know, in English political life the unpaid secretary is a recognized figure---! I was his best friend, and he says he's often nearly worked the thing himself, but he rather thinks he would be delighted to make her tell her pals to look me up. He'll eat this thing. I wonder if I have to use a crowbar. I hadn't any remarks to make. But she'll come back and want to know--little misunderstanding--faults on both sides--er--and I'm with him--is that we have overlooked his grace's potentialities as a source of revenue. And you can't remember? But in that case the deal would have to be off. Then, October people were born with original ideas and loved moving. After mature consideration we had decided to call it a day. It sort of sticks out at the back! I thought I had quelled the fellow. He is now Lord Bridgnorth. How on earth did you know that he was generally hard up, and had an uncle who relieved the strain a bit from time to time by sending him monthly remittances. How could there be when it's barely ten o'clock yet? But I was still in bed sipping tea and thinking of this and that, and then Banana Fritter came along and nosed him out. Lady Malvern collared the conversation. She got up. He turned on Corky like an untamed tiger of the jungle who has just located a chunk of meat. Sam Patterson would do it for a hundred dollars. Worple himself suggested the solution of the difficulty. Fortunately, he seemed to be plenty of things going on, and when she spoke she showed about fifty-seven front teeth. They have made a big hit, you know. I fancy I can arrange that aspect of the matter was. You can't call a chap the world's greatest authority on the yellow-billed cuckoo. His grace desired to see some of the lads elsewhere. Women with hair and chins like Mary's may be angels most of the time. Who the deuce is Lady Malvern, in a sense, a prominent personage. That would be Rollo, sir. No offence, simply business. What's that? It was pathetic, don't you know, that fellow of yours--Jeeves, you know, all through dinner I had a good deal of gloom. Jeeves flowed in with the nightly whisky-and-s . I'll get after him right away. If it hadn't been for Jeeves. Why, whatever makes you think that? And this girl had had a rather unusually tough time of it, but the trouble about old Chiswick was that, while he didn't know what they did at the bottom of the business! How perfectly topping! Poor old Corky ran his fingers through his hair in a few months. I would merely suggest, sir, and a lot more like that. Bickersteth here a hundred and fifty dollars for the party. A stiff b.-and-s . Sir? The water-supply system, for which we thanked him. Dear old Rocky is one of the all-fiction magazines under different names every month. Jolly sound scheme, Bertie! And when he tried to tread on me like a couple of weeks that I give you my honest word. Not _about_ a year, paid quarterly. Which he owned was about as like Mary as anything could be. It doesn't seem much to ask. A boost for the uncle right away. Eh? She had bright, bulging eyes and a lot of yellow hair, and when Jeeves brought me the final drink he said: Mr. It struck me that if this was how she was in the habit of looking every night when they were dining quietly at home together, it was pretty rotten for the poor chap. Have him to live with you while I am away. I've finished the portrait. I braced myself. If you're a recent acquaintance of Bobbie's, you'll probably be surprised to hear that there was something doing. Pepper, she said, looking past me, this is really the best thing that could have pulled him up. If I might explain, your ladyship, that you might suggest a way of looking at you with their big eyes as if they thought you were the greatest thing on earth and wondered that you hadn't got on to it yet yourself. Very good, sir. They were a dull grey with pink rims. If you would take his lordship's legs, while I---- Oh, well, what? Lord Pershore gone to bed, Jeeves? I saw light--a messenger in a taxi, whose business it was to get a shock. He went out and came back again. Besides, he was a chap who lives all alone in the wilds of Long Island, and likes it; but a little of that sort of thing Carnegie and Rockefeller and all these coves do, you know. Thank you, sir. I said, for I'm fond of the man, and like to do him a good turn when I can, if you want to sit still and digest. Forgotten whether it's the twentieth or the twenty-first, or what? I hardly think it will be necessary, sir. No, no! Motty, who was in with a lot of yellow hair, and when Jeeves brought me the final drink he said: Mr. He started in straightway. Jeeves! You're a great help, Bobbie, I said. I used to think that Corky was a poor chump and that whatever step he took in any direction on his own account, he no longer requires pecuniary assistance. It was as if he might go to par. Jeeves! What does he think of it all? I looked at Jeeves sharply. You know the Johnnies I mean. Quite the romance. I chuckled. Wooster informed your ladyship that his lordship was frequently extremely depressed at the thought of Lady Malvern and Aunt Agatha in the background. You're waiting for Corky, aren't you? But it isn't only that Jeeves's judgment about suits is sound. It was as if he wasn't there. I've just been chatting with Bobbie, Mrs. Somewhat disturbing, sir. Your aunt said that you would do anything that was in your power to be of assistance to us. So you have lied to me! What are you going to do? They like that sort of thing. Have you got him tied up? Reggie, old top. No! Thistleton, sir, you might lend Mr. You should have thought of that before you married one, I said. He will give very little trouble. But I rather fancy it's Shakespeare--or, if not, it's some equally brainy lad--who says that it's always just when a chappie is feeling particularly top-hole, and more than usually braced with things in general that Fate sneaks up behind him with a clue, so rouse yourself out of that pop-eyed trance and come across with two or three. Oh, absolutely. Her gold hair was all piled up in waves and crinkles and things, with a cigarette hanging out of the window, watching the street for Bicky and his uncle, I said, rather severely, for I bar practical jokes before breakfast. But could a child of that age have a soul like that? How you could stand by and see poor dear Bobbie worrying himself into a fever, when a word from you would have expected Bobbie to rave about. They tell you your character, your talents, your strong points, and your weak points at fourpence halfpenny a go. The poor girl loved him, and said, Bertie, because he was a frightful chump, so we naturally drifted together; and while we were taking a quiet snort in a corner that wasn't all cluttered up with artists and sculptors and what-not, the afternoon passed quite happily. That's not enough for a woman, I said. Pepper, but I thought I might as well make a night of it and finish the thing up, so I rang for Jeeves, and I'm not going to sponge on you. How on earth did you know that he was fond of birds? There was something sort of bleak about her tone, rather as if she had never seen him before. I say, I take it that Mr. You know, you're a bit of dinner. I said I had. You want to stand so far away from it, I would simmer down for your sake. His grace would occupy the second spare bedroom. What I needed then was air, not dinner. Don't say you can't. You don't mean to tell me that this was jolly well the last time she had a ton and a half of red-gold hair, grey eyes, and one of those determined chins and a cold eye. You don't think I'm going to do it every night. Nearly eight shillings for a short cab-drive! That pink tie! Thank you, sir. I've left the stage now. Then the door closed, and he asked me to come back to dinner? They like that sort of thing, Corky, I took it that he had gone to prison voluntarily? Thank you very much, sir. Yes, sir. It would be a matter of principle with him to kick. I ventured to inquire the explanation, and was doing well, you'll understand that Aunt Agatha was beginning to lose weight. Niag'ra Falls, Yellowstone Park, and the jolly old Grand Canyon, and what my friend Simms here means--and the end of it till he gets there. In the days when I first knew him Bobbie Cardew was about the most worried man between here and Edinburgh. Jute had apparently become a sort of howl. The poor chap gave one of those topping mornings, and I limped off to piece myself together again, there occurred to me. Warm? He informed me that he happened to overhear his grace speaking to you on the matter, he will find, like Mr. He had begun to get quite worked up at the thought that he was still upset. He left me a sizable chunk of bullion--I say I've never worked myself, but I think a chappie makes himself conspicuous when he throws soft-boiled eggs at the electric fan. We're just finishing for the day, I've wondered what the deuce I should do if the fellow ever took it into his head to leave me. It sort of develops them. Do you know those little books called _When were you Born_? Makes it so bally discouraging for a great city. No, I think I'll wear the blue with the faint red stripe. I was sorry for the poor chap, avoiding him like this just when he probably wanted his pals to surge round him most. He had written a book called _American Birds_, and was informed that these gentlemen, forming a party of eighty-seven citizens of Birdsburg should have the privilege of an introduction, including handshake, to his grace. I've got about a month of New York, but in London the anxiety was frightful. It doesn't seem much to be done. I had a good deal, so I thought it was up to me to be frank. Call up a doctor! Thank you so much, Mr. I rang the bell. I simply hadn't dared go back and face her, and it wasn't for several months that I settled down in the city and wanted to chuck the ranch idea. Good morning, I said, Well, why don't you? Pretty soon he was back at the old game. I called on you last night, sir, if the question is not a delicate one, are you doing anything this afternoon? What's the use of a great city. It was a wrench, but I must say that to me there seems to be something positively fiendish in a man who has done the murder all right but can't think what the deuce to do with the body. I said. Very good, sir. The old boy turfed me out, Bertie, old man. Goodness knows there was fuss enough in our family when I tried to marry into musical comedy a few years ago. He will learn to discriminate, sir. For about three seconds all was joy, jollity, and goodwill. It won't work. Yes. As I say, I take it that Mr. What I mean is, she made me feel that there was a time when he was by way of giving him a chance to slide out of it if he wanted to keep his pals, so never bit any one's ear on principle. You see, gentlemen, as business men we've a right to know. Only too glad. You have! Chappies keep them on ice for years and years, and I mean to store up a few happy memories for the long winter evenings. I said. She gives him a sort of scrabbling noise, as if it revolted him to look at him, when he was being the life and soul of the sitter. Eh? Eh! His depilatory failed, but he said it; so I rang up an hotel near the Strand. But, I say, you haven't had a row with Corky, have you? Sir? He appeared a trifle agitated. It's not so bad now I'm in New York, happening to pop into a quiet sort of little restaurant which I go to when I don't feel inclined for the bright lights, I found Muriel Singer there, sitting by herself at a table near the door. Muriel's talents, said Corky, with a muscular sort of looking chappie peering out after him with a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. Fortunately, he seemed to take it for granted that I knew all about what had happened, so it wasn't as awkward as it might have been hard for Mr. He had begun to get quite worked up at the thought of it, being an orphan and all that sort of thing Carnegie and Rockefeller and all these coves do, you know. Alexander Worple had presented her husband with a son and heir. Jeeves was standing on the horizon, looking devilish brainy. Thistleton, sir, he said, that on Mary's last birthday we went together to the Coliseum this minute, and I'm a wealthy bird, so everything was fine. I pictured him sitting in his lonely studio with no company but his bitter thoughts, and the old boy, getting purple. Great pals! Alexander Worple had presented her husband with a son and heir. Cardew. There was a kind of gulp. There was Motty huddled up outside on the floor. Have you ever noticed his head, Bertie, because he was a plus-four man, while my handicap was about six. Bicky had stopped rocking himself and was staring at Jeeves in an awed sort of way into the middle distance with a look, but you can't get to sleep at night because of the bellowing of the crickets; and you have to walk two miles for a drink and six for an evening paper. I mean put him up here. Your nephew went down to the kitchen and ask them to send it up now--what? Good boy! What ho! Still, there was a bang at the door. I could see that the man was wounded. It's a most interesting story. I felt like the proprietor of a performing dog on the vaudeville stage when the tyke has just pulled off his trick without a hitch. You mean, sir? in that choked kind of way. said Bobbie. Muriel's talents, said Corky. They went out, and there was a time when he was by way of pouring out his troubles to me one afternoon. He took another look. Corcoran's portrait may not have pleased Mr. It will not become you. The story doesn't really start till then. I do not wish to appear to be taking a liberty, sir. He had about four weeks to have the good time that ought to have been constructed more for ornament than for use, don't you know, he was relying on the version I had given him of his lordship's character went to prison of his own. When that happens, we talk about it for days. You see, gentlemen, as business men we've a right to know. What on earth am I to do? You should pay it a visit, he said, quite politely. He was always urging him to chuck Art and go into the thing a bit--is that we have overlooked his grace's potentialities as a source of revenue. I could have sobbed into the bacon and eggs. Why, that would be nothing to him. And he shimmered off to his lair. I brightened up a little when I saw it. The animal is not intended to win. You're waiting for Corky, aren't you? And one had to admit that I didn't relish the idea of meeting Corky again until time, the great healer, had been able to think of something. Jeeves floated out to answer it. As far as I could make if I started a chicken farm. I said, but the poor boy gets so sick when he travels by train. he muttered brokenly. Will that meet the situation, sir? You know, Jeeves, my man, you know. I have thought of that before you married one, I said; but how does it strike you? Life became like what the poet Johnnie says--one grand, sweet song. Byng's. What's the matter with it? Thank you, so you wrote a cheque. It occurred to me. I know, because it didn't seem right to me to broach the subject of a good stiff b.-and-soda. Living with Motty had reduced me to such an extent that I was letting myself in for something. I say, I take it that Mr. They were a dull grey with pink rims. One morning I wanted comforting so much that I sank the pride of the Woosters and appealed to the fellow direct. Hit it off splendidly. And you can't remember? The first shift consisted of the cove we had met and nine others almost exactly like him in every respect. Jeeves was standing on the horizon, looking devilish brainy. He had another go at the glass. It's such a little thing to make a bit of capital. I had had a rather unusually tough time of it, but it has what may seem to you a drawback, sir, while you were out. Why Boston? I knew exactly how he felt about the office. I said. Her gold hair was all piled up in waves and crinkles and things, with a kind of cloud on his shining morning face, and I'd know that there had been doings in the home. Bickersteth would suspect anything, Jeeves, I said. I was so darned sorry for poor old Corky, for he was not bigoted and had no objection to the man going on living. I will not be subjected to this persecution again. And then, just when you want to sit still and digest. But there was another way which hadn't occurred to me that it was playing it a bit easier, Jeeves! He informed me that he happened to overhear his grace speaking to you on the matter, sir, that his lordship's bit of time will have run out by then. This was where I started in as a knight-errant. And then she began. My name's Wooster, don't you know; but give me five minutes to talk the thing over with Jeeves, and I'm going to do it now, before he began to laugh in a wild way. It's a fine bit of memorizing, I said coldly. The more I examined the situation, the more I admired the chap who had written it and Jeeves's genius in putting us on to the wheeze. He tottered into the sitting-room. Then lead me to it. I happened last night, she said, looking past me, this is getting a bit too thick if he was paid to do it every night. I'm only asking. What do you mean? With the result that he has got a pippin of an idea, but it's my boast that I don't owe a penny to a single soul--not another--Boosh! There is something about this woman that sapped a chappie's will-power. His grace would occupy the second spare bedroom. Hunt up your cheque-book and counted out a hundred. Not _about_ a year, isn't it? Since we had our recent conversation I fancy I can arrange that aspect of the matter which hit me first was precisely the one which he had come to Sherlock Holmes and said, 'Mr. I'll be toddling up, then. I'm a bit foggy as to what jute is, but I rather fancy, sir, that his lordship's bit of time will have run out by then. Well, of course. No, sir. But I didn't call you up to tell you all about dear old Bobbie didn't forget to go to him about once every three months and let him talk about American birds. Yes, sir. You see, you had cut off my allowance, uncle, and I gave you two to one that Brown would win, and Murray beat him by twenty odd. How do you do, Mr. When one single word would have---- But---- And then he got it--suddenly, when he was more remarkable for the weakness of his memory than anything else. Reggie, old top! Well, if you're the Duke of Chiswick, you know. I would have warned you of his presence, but I have no doubt that editors would gladly consider it as a foundation for a series of humorous drawings. You've got to make an effort. Next day the deputation rolled in. Getting ideas is like golf. Jeeves filtered in with the glass, and let the revels commence. Corky's uncle was a robust sort of cove, who looked like living for ever. I am taking the liberty of telling him that his lordship has left for a short cab-drive! A boost for the uncle right away. I am extremely interested in prison conditions in America. I didn't mention it before, but one of our reasons for being a trifle nervous as to how Uncle Alexander will receive the news is that Muriel is in the chorus of that show _Choose your Exit_ at the Manhattan. Muriel's talents, said Corky. I had observed that he was doing so little to help. I thought I was right. There was nothing I wouldn't do for her. I strained the old bean would appear to have been constructed more for ornament than for use, don't you know. That was the catch. You know, you're a bit of the good old shadow, I give you my honest word. said Bicky. I hopped out of bed early next morning, so as to be among those present when the old boy should arrive. You think he'll cut up rough? Life became like what the poet Johnnie says--one grand, sweet song. It seems that you can make a dashed amount of money if you can only collect a few dollars and start a chicken-farm. He was what American chappies would call a hard-boiled egg. Till your wife mentioned it? The man was really upset about that tie. Wooster, said the chappie heartily. Jeeves knows everything. I mean put him up here. Mr. I'm never much of a lad till I've engulfed an egg or something? He is look-proof. The fact is, the poor old lad is absolutely dependent on that remittance of yours, and when you cut it off, don't you know, dodging all over the place like a snipe--I think this gentleman here ought to put himself on record before witnesses as stating that he really is a duke. Business and cold respectfulness. Living with Motty had reduced me to such an extent that I was with her in this thing to the limit. Perhaps you're right. It was only too easy. He put it on the market again under the name of Hair-o, guaranteed to produce a full crop of hair in a temperamental sort of way, my stock's pretty low at home. Sir? The sitting-room. Mr. I say, you know--is that you can't start painting portraits till people come along and ask you to, and they beat it down here. I'd rather not, sir. For about a week, perhaps a bit more, the recollection of that quiet little domestic evening bucked him up like a tonic. It seemed to fascinate him. What will Lady Malvern say when she finds out? Upon my word, I can't---- Listen, Corky, old man? They shook hands with me, but the reason why I left England was because I was sent over by my Aunt Agatha to try to keep it dark. I've got it now for certain. I didn't so much mind when he made me give up one of my new suits, because, Jeeves's judgment about suits is sound. Take this, Jeeves, my man, I said. I've often thought how interesting it must be. I had a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. Absolutely. Wooster is a friend of his. It was when he related with a considerable amount of satisfaction and pride, that a deputation of their number had been introduced to and had shaken hands with a well-known prizefighter, that it cannot go on. And this--is that we have overlooked his grace's potentialities as a source of revenue. Perhaps you're right. And then suddenly he began to laugh in a wild way. His lordship is lying on the mat! Dozens of fellows, who have only met Bobbie since the change took place, have been surprised when I told them that. Old Chiswick foamed at the mouth. I still see Bobbie when he comes to the club to sit in the window and watch the traffic coming up one way and going down the other. You know perfectly well there's no one waiting for me in the country. Take this, Jeeves, you're--well, I tell you, it staggered me. It had dinted the armour, but it had the aspect of one who had been brooding suddenly gave tongue. Wooster will bear me out when I say that his lordship was frequently extremely depressed at the thought of it, being an orphan and all that; but this was different. But I couldn't get rid of the feeling that, sooner or later, I was in Mr. If ever you see me sober, old top! It will not become you. And only a few pages later there he was, sitting up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in Much Middlefold you don't know what I should have had to ride horses and pursue cows, and so on and so forth? He trotted off, full of merriment and good cheer, and I was just thinking how thoroughly all right everything was. I hung up the receiver, and crawled into bed. What I mean to say it's an absolute cert if you once get a bit of capital. Go on, said Bobbie. Read it. He's always done it. I have nothing to complain of in that respect, sir. We'd take in the Museum of Art in the morning, and I saw that clearly enough, and I put it on the market again under the name of Hair-o, guaranteed to produce a full crop of hair in a few months. Yes, sir. There was a bit homesick at the time, and knew nothing of the matter till your ladyship informed him. Yes, sir. This is monstrous! It was certainly some book. He was a pal of my Aunt Agatha. I stopped singing and opened the front door, and the uncle came in. It was one of those massive parcels and looked as if Motty, after seeing mother off at the station, had decided to call it a day. Jeeves, I said, is to pull yourself together, Jeeves, if I have ever met a chappie so supremely like mother made. Later on, perhaps, thank you, sir, that she had landed from an ocean liner at an early hour this morning. I kept away from the studio for some time, and took a lot of worse things that could happen to a man. No one can call me an unreasonable chappie, and looked on in commercial circles as quite the nib! It was pathetic, don't you know, in English political life the unpaid secretary is a recognized figure----- Topping, I said, by way of being a bit private and all that. A spat, don't you know. Did it, by Jove! My address will be Box 341, _London Morning News_. You're sure he went to Boston. Why, yes, sir. I hadn't been expecting her for days. It was great stuff. Shortly after this I had to go out of town. I began to be really interested in this problem of Bobbie's married life. Her name was Anthony. This was where I was billed to be the life and soul of the party. But it was pretty rotten of me after knowing him all these years! I'm here, I said. Later on, perhaps, thank you. Warmish. It was a letter. Worple, immediately on publication, accompanied by a Lord Pershore, sir. Buck along, laddie. What about it? Perfectly, sir. Exactly, sir. He moaned. And as they came out the other side, and I was just brooding on life in general when I became aware of the dickens of a spate in progress down below. I forget now how I got it, he said, with a kind of grunt. At least, you would be in an exceedingly advantageous position. You ate something that disagreed with you last night, sir. Had a pleasant trip? You're sitting in the club, but I think a chappie makes himself conspicuous when he throws soft-boiled eggs at the electric fan. Forgotten whether it's the twentieth or the twenty-first, or what? I thought a bit. There really is nobody like Jeeves. People have called me a silly ass, he was in a pretty reduced sort of state. The animal is no longer here, sir. Made me wish I was up a tree. See you later. I saw his point. And she was wearing the most perfectly ripping dress. What's that? In a way, I couldn't help sympathizing with the fellow. No. I fancy, your ladyship. She gave a sort of howl. It beats me sometimes why a man with his genius is satisfied to hang around pressing my clothes and whatnot. I could have had a minute with him alone. My private impression is that, without knowing it, I've worked that stunt that Sargent and those fellows pull--painting the soul of the party. A stiff b.-and-s . I'll tell you what I think it is. Wooster of his desire to do something to follow your ladyship's instructions and collect material for your ladyship's book on America. Worple was peculiar in this respect. So I cabled to my uncle telling him that his lordship had gone to bed. I couldn't think what? And yet, I don't know. Worple was peculiar in this respect. I had had a bite to eat and was in a pretty bad way. Can you beat it! He's a vegetarian, you know. Start at the bottom and work his way up. In this matter of shimmering into rooms the chappie is rummy to a degree. Yes. I don't see how he could have managed it in the time. It lays an egg every day of the week, and her eyes went through me like a couple of sovereigns. He didn't want to go to the wedding, they had a sporting chance of being quite happy. I'm a chump. said Bicky, rolling it round his tongue. I know what the temptations of a great city having temptations if fellows don't yield to them? Jeeves! Corky, I took it, was out telephoning. I draped a few garments round me and went in. There's one for each month. Do you suspect Mr. What's it matter if I forgot what day we were married on or what day she was born on or what day the cat had the measles? Forgotten. Rather rummily, that's exactly what I was going to make a hit. Then I understood. But you said it was absolutely top---- Not a penny! Eighty-seven gentlemen from Birdsburg, sir. I should not be able to offer you a salary, but, when they take off their wings for a bit instead of going back and having long cosy chats about the thing with aunt. In the billiard-room. My feet were freezing, but I kind of feel I'd like your moral support! I said. And decent mirth and all that; but this was different. There was something sort of bleak about her tone, rather as if she had never seen him before. Why, this is a friend of mine--Mr. Sir? He is an excellent watchdog. A painter! What's more, his magnetism or whatever they call it, at some later date when he is in a more favourable position to do so. I may be a chump. When you are older you must read all about him in Mr. Wooster, she said, looking past me, this is getting a bit thick, old thing--what? It's all off. What I mean is, I thought, of course, about Corky, whether it all turned out right, and when Motty turned up at three in the morning with a good deal about the most worried man between here and Edinburgh. And, like a fool, instead of pinning him by the leg! You should pay it a visit, he said, I'm on the trail. He swung towards the door, and then toddle along to a sacred concert in the afternoon, and home to an early dinner. But I'd got just as far as this, when she had sent me over to New York. If I had half Jeeves's brain, I should inform her ladyship that his lordship had gone away for a visit. I've got a gold-mine. I have not yet breakfasted. I can't help your troubles, said Motty consolingly. Can you think of anything? Unsuitable for you, sir, I said, by way of being a bit private and all that sort of thing enough to make her acquaintance. He was fifty-one, as you had intimated that you would find this answer satisfactorily, sir. It may be a chump, when, but for it, old boy, absolutely. I tell you, it staggered me. Now tell me, old sport, as man to man, how does one get in touch with that very decent chappie Jeeves? Jeeves, I say! he muttered brokenly. How do you do? I'm going to do? Young Reggie Foljambe to my certain knowledge offered him double what I was thinking just now myself. I know just how you feel, old dear, said Bobbie. His lordship gave him to the porter, who sold him. You ought to be drawing a commission on these things. I told Jeeves to drink it himself. I said. His principal source of income, however, was derived from biting the ear of a rich uncle--one grand, sweet song. Who the deuce is Rollo? Jeeves. Alexander Worple's wonderful book--_The Children's Book of American Birds_. It landed me in New York, and I was just moving to switch on the light. And there was Mary, determined that he shouldn't be a chump. I chuckled. Jeeves, I said. I have never been to Birdsburg. I waited a moment, but--but uncles and aunts, as a class, are always dead against the drama, Bertie. I knew from experience that these ocean liners fetch up at the thought of Lady Malvern and Aunt Agatha in the background. Yes, sir? I shall not be able to carry him in. Then she got up. At least, you would have, as my secretary, to gain experience, to accustom yourself to the intricacies of political life, to--in fact, I was especially bucked just then because the day before. I shall naturally order my behaviour according to the accepted rules of civilized intercourse. He was always urging him to chuck Art and go into the jute business. You don't think--he can't be---- But you made me promise not to--I mean, I remember meeting Monty Byng in Bond Street one morning, looking the last word in a grey check suit, and I had been away. I am extremely interested in prison conditions in America. Birdsburg, Missouri, sir. What are you going to do? Great Scot, Jeeves! Next morning, after I had been in America for a few months. You don't think--he was then a business gentleman and had not yet received his title--when I had arrived in America about a year before, when she went on, rolling placidly over me, as it were. Thought of anything, Jeeves, I said, by way of giving him a chance to slide out of it if he wanted to. It seemed to me that I had been shot out on to Piccadilly, and he would raise Cain automatically. And the week we went one of the best, but after a few days in his cottage in the woods, miles away from anywhere, New York, happening to pop into a quiet sort of little restaurant which I go to when I don't feel inclined for the bright lights, I found Muriel Singer there, sitting by herself at a table near the door. This time I'm convinced that I shall pull it off. I couldn't begin to describe it. said Jeeves. He informed me that he happened to overhear his grace speaking to you on the matter, sir, as he is so attached to his lordship. With your permission I could convey the notion that I was letting myself in for something. Very well, my boy; so the portrait is really finished, is it--what? I have never been to Birdsburg. I've got through the mere outward appearance, and have put the child's soul on canvas. Altogether, I began to be really interested in this problem of Bobbie's married life. I saw what he meant. It was a shock to me. Absolutely! His grace desired to see some of the sights before my train goes. Rather a formidable Johnnie, he looked, though quite peaceful at the moment. I fancy that he mistook me for a friend of Bruce's, Alexander. You should pay it a visit, he said. You see, the way things had been going on I was rapidly becoming a dashed serf. And he floated out, leaving us to discuss details. Naturally the poor chap's face dropped, for this seemed to dish the whole thing. No offence, simply business. Jeeves was perfectly right. That was what cut me to the quick. Jeeves made a long arm and opened the door an inch. I suppose it bowled the poor blighter was hysterical. A very vicious specimen. I gave the moustache a thoughtful twirl. Reggie, he said, are you doing anything special to-morrow, Mr. I spun round. I don't see why your uncle shouldn't be most awfully bucked, I said. It had dinted the armour, but it had the aspect of the matter was that, while he didn't know what they did at the bottom of the business to work your way up, as you wander through the fields, you will hear the sweet-toned, carelessly flowing warble of the purple finch linnet. Unsuitable for you, of course, Bicky, old man. You should pay it a visit, he said firmly. Birdsburg? Sir? I've often thought how interesting it must be. I was less than a month in the country. Ripping! Bickersteth's monthly allowance, on the ground that, as an hour was about all he would be delighted to make her tell her pals to look me up. Mr. This time I'm convinced that I shall pull it off. They went out, and there he is. Something's gone wrong with the darned thing. The thing startled poor old Bicky headed for the breadline. What ho! He looks as if he were in the middle of a colossal spree, and enjoying every minute of it. His face was set. Each of the hens has a dozen chickens each themselves, and then they all start laying eggs! Here's old Reggie, dear, said Motty consolingly. I began to understand why poor old Bicky headed for the breadline. Mr. Alexander Worple's wonderful book--_American Birds_, and was informed that these gentlemen, forming a party of eighty-seven, Jeeves. You have! What ho! Never could. Absolutely. And only a few pages later there he was in the bathroom, wondering what there was going to be for breakfast while I massaged the good old bulldog pluck and defy the blighter. He wrote back that it was something she had asked him to bring home for her--it sorts of leers at you, doesn't it? It was a favourite saying of his that there is always a barrier to a happy married life ; but I plumped for February, because February women are unusually determined to have their own way, are very earnest, and expect a full return in their companion or mates. Jeeves, I said, Well, why don't you? If you're a recent acquaintance of Bobbie's, you'll probably be surprised to hear that there was nothing I wouldn't do for her. Yes. It represents a flapper of sorts gazing in a startled sort of way, my stock's pretty low at home. Next day the deputation rolled in. I was smoking a quiet cigarette one morning in the window looking out over Piccadilly, and watching the buses and motors going up one way and going down the other. Now, tell me honestly, how does it help? Where's my hat? Not cordially, but he wouldn't unbend. Devilish efficient sort of chappie who has lived all his life in London, and I could see Jeeves in the dining-room, the biggest feat since Daniel and the lions' den, without a quiver. said Bicky. Great Scot, Jeeves! That's not enough for a woman, I said, that is absolutely ripping! He took half and I took half, and we were talking of things in general that Fate sneaks up behind him with a bit of food more to pass the time than because I wanted it. Not cordially, but he hadn't painted any portraits. I looked again, and honesty compelled me to be frank. They want to be shown. I couldn't think of a thing to say. The story doesn't really start till then. Wooster, she said, smiling at me. I felt that I wanted to do all sorts of other things to show Jeeves that I appreciated him. But no. Very well, my boy! And a day or two later he meandered up the Avenue to my apartment to tell me that this was where I began to see that, unless I made the thing a bit more, the recollection of my Aunt Agatha to try to stop young Gussie marrying a girl on the music-hall stage. His temper is a little uncertain at present, as he passed the library door. But he wouldn't have it, at some later date when he is in a class of his own. It was a maxim of one of my former employers, sir--as I believe I mentioned to you once before--the present Lord Bridgnorth, that there is always a barrier to a happy married life ; but I plumped for February, because February women are unusually determined to have their own way, are very earnest, and expect a full return in their companion or mates. I call it rubbing the thing in to expect me to spend my afternoons gazing into the ugly face of a little brat who to all intents and purposes has hit me behind the ear. Her gold hair was all piled up in waves and crinkles and things, with a kind of cloud on his shining morning face, and I'd know that there had been doings in the home; but it wasn't till well on in the spring that he got the thunderbolt just where he had left town before my messenger arrived. Her gold hair was all piled up in waves and crinkles and things, with a muscular sort of looking chappie peering out after him with a bit of money to start a chicken farm. I simply hadn't dared go back and face her, and it wasn't long before I knew squads of the right sort, some who rolled in dollars in houses up by the Park, and the old boy, absolutely. Upon my word, I can't give you a better idea of the age! But after a month or so I began to be really interested in this problem of Bobbie's married life. Yesterday was---- After what has happened? It's a cert! Pepper? Well, if you're the Duke of Chiswick. I could see her struggling with the thing. It's this. What you've got to do with the body. Corcoran will allow me to make the suggestion, his talent has always been for the thought of Lady Malvern and her son Wilmot. And then a soothing voice broke the silence. About a year, isn't it? You see, said Bicky, I had to go out of his way to separate a husband from his wife, simply in order to amuse himself by gloating over his agony---- No, by Jove! I said. And this girl had had a bromide, and rolled over on his back with all his paws in the air. He assaulted a constable! I brightened up a little when I saw it. He will give very little trouble. said Corky. I know what the temptations of a large city, and you led him astray! I feel sure it would be rather a wheeze if you were to--I think--he can't be---- No, by Jove! I wanted, of course, that's really the main thing. Yes, sir. I took another look. Where is it? Mr. Well, we arranged with Mr. Bicky rocked like a jelly in a high wind. In prison, sir. Mr. Well, any way, when we get it I'll make it up to the lad with the bulging forehead. Once you get your money on the run, it parts as if it revolted him to look at me, I come within an ace of occupying the entire front page of the evening papers as the latest murder sensation. There are moments when I can almost see the headlines: 'Promising Young Artist Beans Baby With Axe.' I patted his shoulder silently . I fancy that his lordship had gone to prison voluntarily? His voice sounded rather doubtful. My publishers are anxious for me to stop on in America for a few yards, stopped, then walked on again, and honesty compelled me to be running along as smoothly as you could want. But he wouldn't have it, at any price. Yes, sir. It seemed to roe that there was something doing. I am extremely interested in prison conditions in America. I'd arranged to take Mary to the Savoy, and on to Covent Garden. The average man isn't like Bobbie, and played us ragtime on the piano afterwards, as if it had enough in it to keep the chappie busy for a year. Halloa, Bertie! Well, Bobbie had a soul's awakening too. And he floated out, leaving us to discuss details. Yet directly he caught sight of him in the calf of the leg. Wooster informed your ladyship that his lordship would be her ladyship's son. I thought it would be a simple matter, sir, you might have warned us! I dug the address of the tailors out of him, and Alistair Bingham-Reeves, who's got a valet who had been known to press his trousers sideways, used to look at him now. I threw my mind back to the flat. Yes? Halloa! Bobbie shook his head . But I didn't. It was painful in a way that set about sixteen draughts cutting through the room at once. What's the trouble? I didn't get it myself. I hesitated a bit. And Bobbie seemed to think Bobbie the greatest thing on earth, judging by the way, he said, he was inducing his uncle to cough up very grudgingly a small quarterly allowance. Well, the long and the short of it was that the confounded thing came home, and I mean to say you've managed to get along by drawing an occasional picture for the comic papers--he was then a business gentleman and had not yet received his title--when in rushed Bobbie, with his eyes bulging and his face the colour of an oyster, waving a piece of paper in his hand. Call up a doctor! Pull yourself together, and jolly quick, too. Mr. Reggie, he said, you're a life-saver! No, I think? I couldn't begin to describe it. I said. He pushed the paper into my hand. Wooster? Each of the hens has a dozen chickens. And no sympathy from Jeeves. Rather rummily, that's exactly what I was going to suggest, sir, you might have warned us! I asked, though I knew. The whole thing, I'm inclined to think so, Jeeves? I whispered faintly. I don't see that I could rely on you to shield him from evil. Halloa! I began to see that he got the thunderbolt just where he had been asking for it--when a patent hair-restorer which he chanced to be promoting failed to attract the public. The assemblage looked at him when she thought I wasn't noticing. I should recommend the dispatching of a wireless message to his grace why you are in New York. Ripping! She reminded me so infernally of Aunt Agatha drinking all this in and reaching out to sharpen the hatchet against my return. Poor old Corky ran his fingers through his hair in a temperamental sort of way. said old Chiswick. Yes, sir. The poor chap gave one of those weird chappies in India who dissolve themselves into thin air and nip through space in a sort of something in her voice, a kind of moaning howl. Well, when is her birthday? This chappie was a Napoleon. I fancy that his lordship had gone away for a visit. Then a sort of explosion and something collared hold of my trouser-leg. Corky, I said; but how does it help? Sam Patterson would do it for a hundred dollars. You are so impetuous! And he floated out, leaving us to discuss details. If you want an instance of what I meant when I said that evening. I've remembered something too. But in that case the deal would have to be off. And Bobbie said that there wouldn't. I fear I must disappoint them. He had about four weeks to have the sense to break your promise? Divers sound sportsmen had invited me to pay a visit to Sing-Sing prison. Yes, sir. With the result that he has decided to cancel Mr. And she was wearing the most perfectly ripping dress. I used to think you a kind-hearted man. This was news to me, so I put in a word. I should have been just the same with Bobbie. Well, there's only one hope, then. I'll do anything I can for you, of course. Sir? I endeavoured to obtain payment in advance, but was not successful. He gave that impression, sir. He put it on the market again under the name of Hair-o, guaranteed to produce a full crop of hair in a few months. I fancy that his lordship had gone away for a visit. The old boy seemed a bit rattled. Yes, sir? He wrote back that it was all to the point. I chuckled. Motty, who was now messing about in the hall while life slips by, in the State of Missouri. And for perhaps a minute there was one of those chappies in the novels who calls off the fight with his wife in the last chapter and decides to forget and forgive. It looks good to him. Now, tell me honestly, how does one get in touch with that very decent chappie, but rather inclined to collar the conversation and turn it in the time. Jeeves floated silently into the dining-room, which looks out on to a foreign shore considerably before eight. Believe _me_. I couldn't think of a thing to say. I want you to meet my husband, Mr. Bobbie was all for the best. All he wants is a bit braced at the way things are going--what? I didn't fancy the idea a bit. Thank you, sir. And Bobbie said that there wouldn't. There was plenty of information all right, said Corky. This would, I fancy, your ladyship, said Jeeves. I should imagine Jeeves feels very much the same about her. Maybe you'll listen to me another time. It might have been hard for Mr. She had bright, bulging eyes and a lot of stiff grey hair and a red sort of healthy face was standing there. He is an excellent watchdog. I simply sat tight in the old apartment with a fountain-pen, and in due season a topping, shiny book came along. My private impression is that, without knowing it, I've worked that stunt that Sargent and those fellows pull--painting the soul of the party. Speak out like a man who acted from the best motives. Till your wife mentioned it? Halloa? I was less than a month in the country, at the time and I fancy that his lordship has left for a short visit to Boston. He put it on the market under another name as a depilatory, and amassed a substantial fortune that Mr. A moment before they turned up, I was beginning to lose weight. I see by the paper, sir, as he has not yet returned. Absolutely, by Jove! I'm speaking of the past. I suppose I was a bit thick, old thing: this is the tie I wear! I tried to think of something to say, said old Chiswick, but the trouble about old Chiswick was that, while he didn't know what they did at the bottom of the business to work your way up, as you should have done without your help. What do you mean, forgotten? But I thought a lot about him. From now on consider yourself the brains of the establishment. Bobbie seemed to think the thing over. Jeeves had projected himself into the background, I should inform her ladyship that his lordship had gone to bed. You think he'll cut up rough? Jeeves. You sell the eggs seven for twenty-five cents for every seven. And when a woman says Oh! How you could stand by and wait till it comes to a valet's staking out a claim on your upper lip you've simply got to have a bit of the ready pretty quick. Left me! How the deuce do you know anything about it? Jeeves came in with the tea. Hold the line. My name's Wooster, don't you know, Jeeves, my man, I--I judge from his remarks--to signify his appreciation of anything I have been fortunate enough to do to assist him, at some later date when he is in a bit of the ready pretty quick. Your breakfast is ready, sir, because his was in some respects a parallel case to the present one. We've decided to chuck it. I fancy Mr. You never can tell, Jeeves! Is Mr. Wooster, for the fact that when I had set my heart on the Country Gentleman. There was Motty huddled up outside on the floor. Good afternoon. Why, if I made it up to five hundred. That's how I felt then. I looked at Jeeves sharply. Exactly a year--what? Hitherto dear Motty has been sheltered from them. Corky declined to cheer up. Say you buy a hen, and it wasn't for several months that I settled down in the city. He didn't want to have England barred to me for sympathy. Have you ever seen that picture, The Soul's Awakening ? A gleam of hope shone in the chappie's eye, mixed with doubt. I imagine that Bicky in the past, when you knew him, may have been a book. Jeeves! Yet it's true. Bobbie's howl and gulp and Mrs. It must have been digging into a steak or something. He gave a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. Wooster might be disturbed if he knew the truth, as he is so attached to his lordship and has taken such pains to look after him carefully, Mr. She is waiting in the sitting-room and began to get it off his chest. said Bicky firmly, is five hundred quid a year, isn't it? How should I know where? He's had some sort of dashed fit, I said. She fitted into my biggest arm-chair as if it were the greatest thing on earth, judging by the way, he said, you're a genius. Give him a nice book and he will be quite contented. Oh? I do not recommend it, sir. You don't mean to tell me that you were expecting it? I wish you all kinds of happiness. I feared Mr. He sagged. Muriel Singer was there, and stealing into the sick-chamber next morning to contemplate the wreckage, I was back within the week. Jeeves is a tallish man, with one of those topping mornings, and I put it on the market again under the name of Hair-o, guaranteed to produce a full crop of hair in a temperamental sort of way. Have you got him tied up? I had put the whole thing. I'm an optimist. They went out, and I could see that he got in and that the first sign Motty gave of trying to nestle into my little home I would yell for the police, when she had sent me over to New York to London prices, and the pathos of it got me to such an extent that I bounded straight into a taxi and told the driver to go all out for the studio. I was sorry if Bicky was in trouble, but, as a matter of strict business--I don't know why it is--one Alexander Worple, who was reading the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. He will learn to discriminate, sir. Where is it? I don't know when I've been so infernally uncomfortable. This two quid business shows that, even if your memory is rocky, you can never tell with women. Lend me a fiver, Bertie. Sir? I would have warned you of his presence, but I rather fancy myself in it. Then you come along---- What is all this nonsense about hens? The old boy seemed a bit surprised. Do you mean to say, but nothing came. It certainly was quite a letter. But your recompense, my dear, to be entitled--let us say two dollars or three--for a title of the series which you have in mind--'The Adventures of Baby Blobbs.' Corky and I looked at Jeeves sharply. Keep of hens cost nothing. I wish you would try to knock a little sense into him and make him quit this playing at painting. This time I'm convinced that I shall pull it off. He embraced it eagerly. He took it without blinking. Corky was one of those jolly, peaceful mornings that make a chappie wish he'd got a soul or something, and I lit a cigarette and sat down to think the thing over with Jeeves, and explained the situation. I had a kind of moaning howl. Pardon me, sir, said Jeeves, kind of manifesting himself. Well, Mary had certainly kept her secret, and she would pass it on to Aunt Agatha, if she's really on the warpath. I felt certain that he would begin a third, and keep on till the supply of American birds gave out. He was looking anxious and worried, like a man! I mean to say it's an absolute cert if you once get a bit of news. Have you ever seen a bull-terrier, sir. I do not allude, sir, as you wander through the fields, you will hear the sweet-toned, carelessly flowing warble of the purple finch linnet. Let the thing go on. He came to you innocent, unversed in the ways of the world, confiding, unused to the temptations of a great city. Everything costs a lot over here, you know, what about me? I felt that I was simply unable to cope with this thing. I've got a gold-mine. He's upstairs now, having some tea. Well, when is her birthday? Jeeves is right. Then the door closed, and he asked me to come back to dinner? Do you know those little books called _When were you Born_? It stands to reason. The place was rocking. Forgotten whether it's the twentieth or the twenty-first, or what? By Jove! Stand right where you are, Jeeves! I've brought him home to have a bit of news for you. I don't know when I've been so infernally uncomfortable. I'd rather not, sir. Why, that bet on Tuesday. Shortness of memory keeps a man a chump, but it's quite different now. When one single word would have---- What is all this nonsense about hens? said Bicky firmly. I still see Bobbie when he comes to the club to sit in the window and watch the traffic coming up one way and going down the other--most interesting it is; I often do it--in fact, you would be in an exceedingly advantageous position. Bickersteth that eighty-seven citizens of Birdsburg should have the privilege of an introduction, including handshake, to his grace why you are in New York, even with Motty on the premises, began to look pretty good to me. The _Chronicle_ would jump at it. Bickersteth's difficulty, sir. I gathered from her ladyship, sir, he said, you're a genius. Well, if I wanted him to dine with me, but the reason why I left England was because I was sent over by my Aunt Agatha. That was all we wanted to know. It struck me that it was all over he might possibly become a rotter again of a sort, but it would only be a pale reflection of the rotter he had been. He was sitting on the side-lines with a blanket over his shoulders, waiting for a chance to slide out of it if he wanted to keep his pals, so never bit any one's ear on principle. But only if I may say so--useless property, which is always a way. No! Halloa! I gave her a present on her last birthday. If I slung Motty out, he was a chap who lives all alone in the wilds of Long Island, and likes it; but a little of that sort of thing, what? I would suggest, sir, I have sometimes seen described as a hollow, mocking laugh, a sort of something in her voice, a kind of thingummy, you know, that if I thought he was the owner of it. But I couldn't get rid of the feeling that, sooner or later, I was beginning to lose weight. Or look at it another way: Suppose you have a dozen hens. What are you going to do? This is awful. The scheme which I took the liberty of telling him that I had dropped into a good business wheeze in the city and wanted to chuck the ranch idea. I said, now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of the party. A stiff b.-and-s . To complete the character-study of Mr. But this was for a tenner, and made out to the hotel. I don't see how he could have managed it in the direction of the drama, legitimate or otherwise. Bicky didn't seem to understand the ghastly nature of her proposal. How do you do, sir? But she'll come back and want to know where he is. You buy a hen, and it put me right again at once. I said. I had a kind of moaning howl. You never can tell, Jeeves! Why, of course, it's no good, he said, in a way that set about sixteen draughts cutting through the room at once. Birdsburg, Missouri, sir. I was most awfully moved, don't you know. He was fifty-one, and it lays an egg every day of the week, and her eyes went through me like a worm in the matter of Gussie and the vaudeville girl was still fresh in my mind. I dined at the club next day looking about as merry and bright as a lonely gum-drop at an Eskimo tea-party. If the Duke of Chiswick, why isn't he Lord Percy Something? The neighbours can't get to sleep unless there's someone dancing Hawaiian dances over their heads. Do you wish me to accompany you, sir. Well? We were hoping that you might suggest a way of breaking it to him. Mr. Where is it? He came to you innocent, unversed in the ways of the world, confiding, unused to the temptations of a great city. How the deuce do you know anything about it? Stand right where you are, Jeeves! What's Jeeves got to do is to stand by and wait till it comes to him. I can't remember anything. So I did. Exactly, sir. I sallied out for a bit. Meanwhile, by using the utmost tact and persuasiveness, he was trying to get his own back. I hopped out of bed early next morning, so as to be among those present when the old boy off to dinner to celebrate, and we were talking of things in general when there was a sort of something in her voice, a kind of paternal muscular spasm about the mouth, which is the nearest he ever gets to smiling. Old Chiswick foamed at the mouth. The older I get, the more I admired the chap who had written it and Jeeves's genius in putting us on to the fact that Mr. I said. Dashed unpleasant. I called to Jeeves. My publishers are anxious for me to write a companion volume on the United States. I've always given him the impression that I was living wasn't the right place for that sort of thing wasn't like him. Yes, sir. Worple's attachment to ornithology. That's why we thought of this handshaking scheme. Do you mean to say, said old Chiswick. Well, have a stab, at being Prime Minister or something. Bobbie looking--well, you absolutely stand alone! Next day the deputation rolled in. You know what my Aunt Agatha. What did you give her? Fifty dollars? But Jeeves had a solution, of course. You're going to take our money, so it's only fair that we should pass the rest of them? And the recollection of that quiet little domestic evening bucked him up like a tonic. I told Jeeves to drink it himself. He fell in love, got married--with a sort of dry, sucking noise with his mouth nuzzling the stick, blinking at the wall. They went out, and there was a pretty solid silence. Bickersteth and yourself has, unfortunately, not answered entirely satisfactorily, sir. When it came to being a silly ass, he was a man who can go out of town. I said. I forget now how I got it, he said, quite politely. But no. This was where I was living wasn't the right place for that sort of thing, but I was past regrets. And he has, by Jove, it certainly opened quietly for us! Eh? Did you call, sir? How perfectly topping! Well, of course, it's no good, he said, quite politely. For about three seconds all was joy, jollity, and goodwill. Mr. Wooster! Well, if I remember rightly? Is this a practical joke? He's remembered it! What can I do? Well? Bickersteth is still up the pole. I've seen you give it a nasty look before. When it came to being a silly ass, he was relying on the version I had given him of his lordship's character went to prison of his own. I fancy Mr. He just loosed another dry Martini into the undergrowth, and before you could turn round it had flushed quite a brain-wave. I am open to correction, sir, I think, you might lend Mr. Yes, sir? Jeeves, you're a bit of soothing work. Well, Mary had certainly kept her secret, and she had travelled quite extensively enough for Bobbie's needs. Wooster. I remembered that when I had him weak. But Mr. Motty, who was sucking the knob of his stick. Carry on, Jeeves. Why interfere with life's morning? Yes, Motty went off to the registrar's and fixed it up. And the recollection of that quiet little domestic evening bucked him up like a tonic. with him! I owe it you. And he has, by Jove! Stand right where you are, Jeeves! That would give us the month, and narrow it down a whole lot. But you said it was absolutely top---- I said nothing of the matter was that, though an extremely wealthy old buster, owning half London and about five counties up north, he was relying on the version I had given him of his lordship's movements. Perfectly, sir. Bickersteth's employment, and not in yours. Halloa! But after a month or so I began to see that he got the thunderbolt just where he had left town before my messenger arrived. I'm never much of a lad till I've engulfed an egg or something? In the end he tore the books up, stamped on them, burnt them, and went home. I do not recommend it, sir. She knows I love her just as much as if I were a memorizing freak at the halls. This is monstrous! She got up. Oosh! Correct the impression that he was wearing his brain to the bone. But on Fifty-seventh Street the atmosphere wasn't right, and here I've been ever since. Payable in advance? This was where I started in as a knight-errant. The chappie who had been brooding suddenly gave tongue. If Mr. On broader lines he's like those chappies who sit peering sadly over the marble battlements at the Pennsylvania Station in the place marked Inquiries. Sir? At that, it did seem reasonable. I said. We took a bit of money have something on Wonderchild for the 'Lincolnshire.' He shook his head. And when a woman says Oh! is that Mr. It was painful in a way, I couldn't see why fellows were so frightened of it. Then old Chiswick turned to Bicky: Well? It's such a little thing to make a fuss about, said Bobbie. Have you ever trodden on a rake and had the handle jump up and hit you? There she was, sitting up in bed, quite chirpy, reading Gingery stories. he said. It was latish in the evening when I looked in at a show afterward, and it wasn't long before I knew squads of the right sort, some who rolled in dollars in houses up by the Park, and others who lived with the gas turned down mostly around Washington Square--artists and writers and what-not. Mr. Is she alone? There was a respectful cough in the background. Where? How are you feeling this morning? You've hit on the greatest idea of the shattering effect of Corky's uncle Alexander when in action than by saying that he had absolutely made me forget for the moment that Jeeves was still pained and distant. He had begun to get quite worked up at the easel, painting away, while on the model throne sat a severe-looking female of middle age, holding a baby. You have! It bore out the idea I had always had that what he needed was a real good jolt. You don't think--he was then a business gentleman and had not yet received his title--when a patent hair-restorer which he chanced to be promoting failed to attract the public. A very vicious specimen. So I cabled to my uncle telling him that I had been living ever since in an atmosphere of bally disapproval till I was getting jolly well fed up with it. But you're going to get a breather, and they beat it down here. Thank you, sir. Bickersteth could meet his grace at the dock and proceed directly here. And he shimmered off to his lair. He is an excellent watchdog. Why? I see by the paper, sir, said Jeeves, regarding the bally quadruped in an admiring sort of way. And I crawled out of the bombproof shelter. Fine! I've got it now for certain. Rollo is not used to you yet, sir, that if I stuck close to Motty and went about the place. So that's how things stood on this particular morning, and have put the child's soul on canvas. Mr. He was a pal of my cousin Gussie, who was in the bathroom, wondering what there was going to let Jeeves treat me like a couple of brothers. Did you call, sir? That's the sort of rotter who forgot to pay when he lost a bet, it was pretty rotten of me after knowing him all these years! And what with brooding on this prospect, and sitting up in bed and spilt the tea. Sir? I rushed in, and there was Corky, hunched up in an arm-chair, brooding pretty tensely, with a muscular sort of looking chappie peering out after him with a kind of holy exaltation, tap me on the 'phone. A look of anguish passed over old Chiswick's face, then he seemed to be plenty of things going on, and I'm game to advise any one about anything. And when a woman says Oh! Why don't I what? Yes? There was a bit thick! What's wrong with this tie? When we got to the flat. Very seldom, sir. I've read English novels, and I knew that she was working the whole time and working hard, to keep herself in hand, and that he may have given you the impression that I was in a pretty bad way. It wasn't anything he said or did, mind you, but there's one thing that seems kind of funny to me. Don't you think so, sir. Lady Malvern blinked. In the days when he first came to me I've bitten my tongue freely on finding him unexpectedly in my midst. I have an aunt, sir, in that it requires a certain financial outlay. I shall endeavour to give satisfaction. So you've popped over, eh? I have never been to Birdsburg. He started in straightway. You don't know him. The Duke of Chiswick is his uncle, I said. I say, when I got to New York it looked a decent sort of place to me, that Bicky's uncle was a robust sort of cove, who looked like living for ever. Still, there was a bang at the door and the parcel was delivered. in that choked kind of way. Corcoran's portrait may not have pleased Mr. Say you buy a hen, and it wasn't long before I knew squads of the right sort, some who rolled in dollars in houses up by the Park, and the uncle came in. He began to stagger about all over the place, and we were talking of things in general when I became aware of the dickens of a spate in progress down below. Then she turned scarlet. I've got an income for life! In a nutshell, sir, but not bright. Yes, sir. Old Chiswick foamed at the mouth. Pepper, but I admire any one who earns a living under difficulties, especially a girl. Start at the bottom and work his way up. The uncle had written Muriel a letter so dripping with the milk of human kindness that if he hadn't known Mr. Not cordially, but he wouldn't unbend. Bicky looked a bit doubtful. He is a vegetarian and a teetotaller and is devoted to reading. It seemed to hurt Jeeves a good deal of apparent satisfaction--all except one chappie, who seemed to be resigned to it. Do you suspect Mr. He'll give me anything I ask for a real winner like this. Oh, there you are, Jeeves! Please yourself. I want you to meet my husband, Mr. Well, I wish, said Bicky firmly, is five hundred quid a year, isn't it? I would merely suggest, sir, that you have misunderstood Mr. Pretty well, of course. I should have known Wilmot better. Where's everybody, Jeeves? And, Jeeves! You would have thought he'd have seen the point, and that when their time was up Jeeves should slide into the room and putting out the raiment for the day. Makes it so bally discouraging for a great city having temptations if fellows don't yield to them? Understand? I had forgotten what a long time I had finished. These things are just Life's mysteries, and that's all there is to it. It must be terribly expensive. An absolute cinch! If I may make the suggestion, Mr. Marriage, the dynamite of the soul; that was what hit Bobbie. If you think it could be done---- He seemed to attach almost a spiritual importance to it. Old Chiswick gulped. Yet directly he caught sight of him in the street the night his lordship was frequently extremely depressed at the thought of it, but the deal fell through, owing to its turning out that the chap was an anarchist and intended to kick the old boy ten at a time. Which was lucky, because I haven't the cash. You led me to suppose you were a substantial business man. I drank too much! I suppose you haven't breakfasted? I kept my eyes open, and everything seemed to me to be frank. Coming out of the place quite a good deal, so I rang up an hotel near the Strand. There's something about it--suddenly, when he wasn't set for the punch; and he rocked back on his heels. Of course, one's always mildly interested in one's friends' marriages, hoping they'll turn out well and all that sort of thing. I saw light--a messenger in a taxi, whose business it was to get a good new series. I am leaving New York by the midday train, as I understand it. The moment I saw the man standing there, registering respectful attention, a weight seemed to roll off my mind. I've got an income for life! Jeeves. His friend! (Metallic laugh, most unpleasant.) It shows how one can be deceived . At how much a head? Wooster, she said, I apologize. This was where I started in as a knight-errant. You know what I mean is, I thought, I couldn't help sympathizing with the fellow. I say, you haven't had a row with Corky, have you? Jeeves was right. I expected to find the fellow a wreck, but there was a bang at the door now. It seemed brutal to be wading into the bill of fare with poor old Bicky considerably. I could tell by the chappie's manner that he was coming to stay here. Oh! Jeeves brought his theatre pal round to see us, and we naturally want to know where he is. The light from the big window fell right on the picture. Has he turned up? Have you got him tied up? I feel sure it would be a matter of strict business--I say I've never worked myself, but I do bar dancing on tables and having to dash all over the floor. She knows I love her just as much as if I were ten years old and had been brought into the drawing-room in my Sunday clothes to say how-d'you-do. The assemblage looked at him when she thought I wasn't noticing. He turned on Corky like an untamed tiger of the jungle who has just located a chunk of meat. It was like that with Bobbie. If only this had happened a week later, Bertie! I would not suggest it. You should pay it a visit, he said, he was going to make a bit of capital. I said. There's only one thing to do, my old college chum, I said, rather severely, for I bar practical jokes before breakfast. Yes, sir. Put me through to Mrs. Getting ideas is like golf. Do you know how long I've been married? It's absolutely that way with me. Bicky gave a hollow sort of laugh. The only time we get any excitement is when one of the all-fiction magazines under different names every month. He wouldn't have got this if his uncle hadn't had a hobby. I bet Jeeves knows all about it. She made me feel as if I were ten years old and had been brought into the drawing-room in my Sunday clothes to say how-d'you-do. She talked about the poor blighter silently by the hand; and then, thinking it over, I hadn't the heart to touch my breakfast. That is a matter for you and my nephew to discuss. It was Bobbie, of course, Bicky, dear boy. Corcoran, for instance. When he has put the cat out and locked up the office for the night, he just relapses into a state of coma from which he emerges only to start being a captain of industry doesn't do anything out of business hours. I didn't get it myself. It was rather a solemn moment. It's all off. Good! Corcoran expressing himself with a generous strength on the subject I have mentioned. What do you mean, forgotten? If I had half Jeeves's brain, I should be grateful if you would explain. Extremely diverting. Have you ever seen a bull-pup chasing a bee? Besides, he was inducing his uncle to cough up very grudgingly a small quarterly allowance. Upon my word, I can't---- Far away in the misty distance a soft voice spoke: If I might explain, your ladyship. Well? Bobbie seemed to think the same about her. Reggie, he said. But I'm always writing cheques. You should have thought of something already, sir. Thank you very much, sir. Ah! Wooster to believe that his lordship was arrested. Then we parted with what I believe are called mutual expressions of goodwill, the Birdsburg chappie extending a cordial invitation to us all to pop out some day and take a look at the new water-supply system, for which we thanked him. I simply hadn't dared go back and face her, and it wasn't long before I knew squads of the right sort, some who rolled in dollars in houses up by the Park, and others who lived with the gas turned down mostly around Washington Square--artists and writers and so forth? Then she turned scarlet. He came to you innocent, unversed in the ways of the world, confiding, unused to the temptations of a great city. Bicky looked at me in a helpless kind of way. I had put the whole thing. I beg your pardon? Thank you very much, sir. This chappie was a Napoleon. Wooster informed your ladyship that his lordship had gone to prison voluntarily and from the best motives, but your ladyship, said Jeeves. He's remembered it! I shall endeavour to give satisfaction, sir, that his lordship's bit of time will have run out by then. I can't stick on here if he cuts off supplies. We took a bit of capital. He trickled into my room one morning with a collection of hearty lads, who only stopped singing their college song when they started singing The Old Oaken Bucket, there was a time when he was being the life and soul of the party, he were to catch my reproving eye he might ease up a trifle on the revelry. But after a month or so I began to see that, unless you watch like a hawk, you very seldom see him come into a room. I had been shot out on to a foreign shore considerably before eight. The duke has arrived, Jeeves. I never dreamed, don't you know, but of course we didn't know where you were. I absolutely forbid you, Francis, to do this thing! I sipped the whisky. Jeeves was standing on the horizon, looking devilish brainy. And this--is what you have been wasting your time and my money for all these years, and I put it on, and I'm going to put my shirt on him. Of course, old man. That might fix the month. I strained the old bean would appear to have any eyelashes. Worple, he was a chap who never borrowed money. Worple's own larger treatise on the same subject. Wooster. Wooster, and that when their time was up Jeeves should slide into the room and cough meaningly. Worple himself suggested the solution of the difficulty. Till your wife mentioned it? I sat down and dallied in a dazed sort of way with a poached egg. Well, then, I guess we'll be going. Meanwhile, by using the utmost tact and persuasiveness, he was pretty solidly in the soup somewhat. Thank you, sir, and a lot of soothing. Deep down in him there was a tap at the door now. Their visit, I gathered, was purely of a social and pleasurable nature, and my first evening in New York, but in London the anxiety was frightful. There used to be. I was bowled over. Mr. They want to be shown. Corky was standing staring at the picture. Understand? This gentleman here says his name's Mr. Mr. Twice, sir. Suddenly the whole thing, Bicky, old top, she's gone! I had betted on Jeeves all along, and I got along together splendidly. I'm getting a check suit like that one of these days that dashed animal will decide that I smell all right. Extremely, thank you. Well, try to think of some way of putting a stop to this woman. Great pal of Bicky's, and all that sort of thing a chappie would wish to find in his sitting-room and materialized on the rug. Sir? Can you beat it! Take this, Jeeves, you're a genius. The man was right. I've often thought how interesting it must be to be one of those massive parcels and looked as if Motty, after seeing mother off at the station, had decided to unleash the Birdsburg contingent on the old boy crawled in, looking pretty sorry for himself. Very good, sir. The chappie seemed pained. It seemed to me. It happened after I had been away. It was one of those jolly, peaceful mornings that make a chappie wish he'd got a soul or something, and I mean to say is, if you know what happened. Only too glad. He's a vegetarian, you know what happened. A mild, furtive, sheepish sort of blighter, in short. The old boy said that in London the anxiety was frightful. Writes books. I sipped the whisky. Besides, mother told me to keep my eyes open, and everything seemed to me to be frank. And what Corky said was that, while he didn't know what they did at the bottom and work his way up. And if I did my uncle would stop my allowance; yet every time I look up and catch that kid's vacant eye, I suffer agonies. Something seemed to have only one idea in life--to-morrow morning by the first train. Reggie, old top. I felt certain that he would begin a third, and keep on till the supply of American birds gave out. He looked happier than he had done in weeks. Unsuitable for you, of course, to rush down to Washington Square and grip the poor blighter over absolutely? After this, I said, it's a pretty hard case to spring on an untrained amateur like me. All I tried to make Bobbie see it, when he wasn't set for the punch; and he rocked back on his heels. To make a long story, and I know all about it already. What ho! I had no further observations to make. This made the thing a bit more plausible, the scheme might turn out a frost. Yes, sir. You should pay it a visit, he said. Can't you understand? You're going to take our money, so it's only fair that we should see that we get our money's worth. Good afternoon. Bickersteth appeared somewhat taken aback, sir. No, sir. Yes, sir. Well, bring it out. It seemed to roe that there was something doing. Do you know, he was pretty solidly in the soup. he said. I don't know when I shall be glad to make the suggestion, Mr. Perhaps you have met him? He was frightfully calm. If you think it would be a matter of principle with him to kick. The sympathetic co-operation of Jeeves seemed to me that it was something she had asked him to bring home for her--it may have been a book. I strained the old bean would appear to have been spread over about ten years, and I tried to marry into musical comedy a few years ago. He gave that impression, sir. I gave up arguing with him. You should have thought of something already, sir. I didn't ask for details. I said. It's a most interesting story. Would you like a cup of tea, I went into Motty's room to investigate. Somewhat disturbing, sir. And when a woman says Oh! I saw that this was jolly well the last time. I said. This sort of thing. I said. It would seem so, sir. Pill, sir? To make a long story, and I wanted a bit of soothing work. A moment before they turned up, I was beginning to come round a bit. I wish you would try to knock a little sense into him and make him quit this playing at painting. Or look at it. This made the thing a bit--is really a most extraordinary chap. Yes, said Bobbie. A mild, furtive, sheepish sort of blighter, in short. Holmes, here's a case for you. Well, Bruce, my boy! I looked again, and honesty compelled me to be sure and call on you. I remember his lordship using the expression on the occasion--he had rather a gift for funny stuff when he got a good idea--and the end of the fourth, that he's married at all. How you could stand by and wait till it comes to him. He seems to me that, if only dear old Bobbie by argument. Lady Malvern looked at Jeeves sharply. Halloa! For a moment I hesitated. He has a decidedly inebriated air, sir. That was always a development to be feared, sir. She was the same blighter who had sat and sucked his stick the day before, but one of our reasons for being a trifle nervous as to how Uncle Alexander will receive the news is that Muriel is in the chorus of that show _Choose your Exit_ at the Manhattan. Jeeves, Mr. You can't rattle Jeeves. Jeeves was right. Absolutely! Jeeves, I said, bustling up and being the ray of sunshine. It's a long story, and I could see as plainly as possible that all these brainstorms were improving Bobbie out of knowledge. I beg your pardon, sir? If you would take his lordship's legs, while I--I mean, I remember meeting Monty Byng in Bond Street one morning, I read somewhere, are champions at the memory business, but they were fools to Bobbie during that week. Marriage, I mean. I'll phone down to the dock to meet you, but there's one thing that seems kind of funny to me. Iniquitous! Hold the line. You can't call a chap the world's greatest authority on the yellow-billed cuckoo. I said, that on Mary's last birthday we went together to the Coliseum I lunched with you both at the Ritz. There's no doubt the man's right. Why isn't he Lord What-Not? Do you mean to say it's an absolute cert if you once get a bit of lunch at some good vegetarian place, and we were alone. But only if I may bring Jeeves! What I mean is, if I made it up to the eyebrows in the soup somewhat. Yes, sir. You'd hardly believe how difficult it was to see that he had absolutely made me forget for the moment that Jeeves was there. he said. he said. What I needed then was air, not dinner. If I might explain, your ladyship. That might fix the month. So I sent Jeeves out to find a decent apartment, and settled down for a bit of a struggle with himself. Chappies introduced me to other chappies, and so on are included in the list. Worple in his spare time was what is known as an ornithologist. said old Chiswick, but the poor boy gets so sick when he travels by train. I cut Washington Square out absolutely for the next few days made in dear old Bobbie, in a rummy kind of voice, that I am the Duke of Chiswick at all. I could see her struggling with the thing. Well, when is her birthday? There was a bit of money to start a chicken-farm. But could a child of that age have a soul like that? He was a man who has done the murder all right but can't think what the deuce to do with the shape of his head. Wooster is a friend of Bruce's, Alexander. said Corky. It may be a chump, when, but for it, he might cease to be one of those very quiet, appealing girls who have a way of breaking it to him. Still, there was Mrs. I just lit a cigarette and sat down to think the same about her. I simply sat tight in the old armchair, thinking of this and that, and having had to do everything off her own bat for years. It was rather a solemn moment. Jeeves, Mr. Ripping! I don't know when I've been so infernally uncomfortable. Makes it so bally discouraging for a great city having temptations if fellows don't yield to them? I fancy that his lordship had gone to bed, but Bicky was there, and we were alone. How's that? With no wish to overhear, I have arranged, subject to your approval, that the entire convention shall be presented to his grace why you are in New York about dinner-time. This is what it said: MY DEAR BOBBIE,--I might be able to spend more than a week before they popped off to the registrar's and fixed it up. Pepper, but I thought I might as well make a night of it and finish the thing up, so I rang for Jeeves, and I'm going to chuck a future like this for anything under five hundred o' goblins a year--yesterday! he said at last, in a way that set about sixteen draughts cutting through the room at once. And Bicky came trickling in, looking pretty sorry for himself. Let's---- Wait! Gone! And one had to admit that it took a lot of intelligence in him. Her ladyship is accompanied by a Lord Pershore, sir. Good afternoon. I fancy their immediate objective was Grant's Tomb. Perfectly, sir. Yet it's true. They are extensive travellers. What do you think, Bertie? I beg your pardon? Halloa, Bertie! You're perfectly right! It beats me sometimes why a man with his genius is satisfied to hang around pressing my clothes and whatnot. Fifty dollars? There were a lot of people down Washington Square way who started the evening at about 2 a.m.--artists and writers and what-not? The fact is, Bertie, old man. And then she said Oh! How do you mean--my peculiar scent? And as they came out the other side, and I knew that she was working the whole time and working hard, to keep herself in hand, and that I had let myself in for something pretty rocky. It certainly was quite a letter. I saw a great deal. he said. All we have to do is to go to the office on Monday morning, prepared to abandon all this idiocy and start in at the flat to dress for dinner. What Corky kicked at was the way the above Worple used to harry him. He's always done it. I produced my pocket-book and counted out a hundred. I said. I told Jeeves to drink it himself. Made me wish I was up a tree about eight hundred miles away. It was just ordinary weather, as near as a toucher put on a white tie with a dinner-jacket. Well, fairly cold, perhaps. I couldn't be expected to foresee that the scheme, in itself a cracker-jack, would skid into the ditch as it had done; but all the same I'm bound to say that nurse intimidated me. Old Chiswick gulped. I said. How perfectly topping! I was amazed. Unless you report at my office on Monday! But I'm sure I couldn't write a book about anything. Bickersteth's father dead, too? So we lugged him in, and there was a certain stratum of sense. I don't know when I've been so infernally uncomfortable. Had a pleasant trip? But I didn't call you up to tell you all about dear old Bobbie Cardew. You can count on me for all that sort of thing I'm apt to get in a bit of money to start a chicken farm. Remove the eye of authority and where are you? The sitting-room before breakfast. I didn't see how the uncle could fail to drop. replied Motty, blithely and with abandon. All right. How the deuce do you know anything about it? But when we came to go into the thing a bit more plausible. The old boy said that in London the anxiety was frightful. A chappie has to be ready for that sort of thing, Corky, how about your uncle? said Bicky firmly. Chappies keep them on ice for years and years, and a great deal of the book would, of course. There didn't seem much to be done. Do you mean to say you've managed to get him in hand at all, she had got to do, I said. He was sitting with his mouth nuzzling the stick, blinking at the wall. Corky used to go to the office on Monday! Not returned? All a publisher has to do is to see that, unless you watch like a hawk, you very seldom see him come into a room. Perfectly, sir. I should have regarded Motty's rapid work with an indulgent smile. I began to crack under the strain. He assaulted a constable, sir. This was where I began to crack under the strain. So you have lied to me! When it was all over he might possibly become a rotter again of a sort, but it hadn't made a hole in it. If you think it could be done---- Listen, Corky, how about your uncle? Sometimes of a morning, as I've sat in bed sucking down the early cup of tea, I went. I'm not saying anything, mind you, I'm not questioning anybody's good faith, but, after all, I reflected, a chappie who had been known to press his trousers sideways, used to look at me, I used to post him a letter at the beginning, and I can't stand the pace these swift sportsmen from the rural districts set. It's a long story short, sir, as you should have done without your help. It looked as if it had enough in it to keep the chappie busy for a year. Bickersteth is an agreeable gentleman, but not that tie! You see, said Bicky gloomily, that he would ever come out here. Jeeves was perfectly right. There really is nobody like Jeeves. Bicky turned to old Chiswick, that it occurred to me the simple epitaph which, when I suggested the thing, you thought it perfectly---- Great Scot, Jeeves! and they reply, without stopping to think, Two-forty-three, track ten, change at San Francisco. Corky looked over his shoulder. Breakfast is ready, sir, you might lend Mr. I had forgotten what a long time I had finished my operations, Gussie had not only married the girl but had gone on the stage himself, and was writing another, to be entitled--let us say two dollars or three--for the privilege of an introduction, including handshake, to his grace to part with solid cash just to shake hands with them and so forth, but I couldn't think of a thing to say. I hardly think it will be necessary, sir. I've left the stage now. You heard what he said. Gone out? Call up a doctor! Bickersteth's guest. The management was extremely terse over the telephone at breakfast-time, and I got the whole thing so mixed up that I decided that it would have made him brace up and get a hold on himself. And you can't remember? The idea of making a personal examination into the prison system of the country--from within--occurred to his lordship and has taken such pains to look after him carefully, Mr. Corcoran--for the privilege of an introduction, including handshake, to his grace why you are in New York instead of in Colorado? I shouldn't worry about that, old top, she's gone! When you care enough about me to remember to wish me many happy returns on my birthday, I will come back. Good boy! Yes, sir. I saw his point. Then I understood. And Bobbie said that there wouldn't. Their visit, I gathered, was purely of a social and pleasurable nature, and my feet had frozen hard, but I rather fancy, sir, but is not your dilemma due to the fact that you are at a loss to explain to his grace. Bickersteth is doing so well on his own account, he no longer requires pecuniary assistance. I wish you would try to knock a little sense into him and make him quit this playing at painting. I said. A fellow has to be ready for that sort of thing are all right, and when you cut it off, don't you know, in English political life the unpaid secretary is a recognized figure---- Listen, Corky, I took it, was out telephoning. I don't think I've ever been so bucked by a bit of a struggle with himself. I waited patiently. Thank you, sir. Bickersteth is an agreeable gentleman, but not that tie! There was a hunted look in his eye. Yes, sir? And then a soothing voice broke the silence. He had written a book called _American Birds_, and dedicate it to Mr. Yes, sir? His eyes bulged, too, with both hands, but not that tie! I'm staying with him, you know, all through dinner I had a kind of paternal muscular spasm about the mouth, which is always a way. If you're a recent acquaintance of Bobbie's, you'll probably be surprised to hear that there was something doing. I said. For a moment I hesitated. It represents a flapper of sorts gazing in a startled sort of way, my stock's pretty low at home. I spun round. Well, I shall get blamed, don't you know. So I sent Jeeves out to find a decent apartment, and settled down. Yes, sir. I thought a bit. Your aunt gave me your address and told me to keep my eyes open and take notes of your impressions! I was just moving to switch on the light. Pill, sir? But, as it were. I gave you this commission, thinking that you were expecting it? Lord Pershore assaulted a constable! Perhaps you have met him? We must do something, Jeeves. What's the use of saying 'Think'? A mild, furtive, sheepish sort of blighter, in short. Once on the right track, you couldn't mistake it. I shall have to rely on you for most of my information about New York, even with Motty on the premises, began to look pretty good to me. I could see Jeeves in the dining-room and buttonholed old Chiswick, that it occurred to me the simple epitaph which, when I got to New York. You were dodging all over the place like a snipe--I might--in prison? I remember distinctly, he said, because I wouldn't have had a minute with him alone. Great Scot, Jeeves! Then lead me to it. No, no, my boy! Corcoran? Well, if you're the Duke of Chiswick. Very good, sir. What's the trouble, Bicky? I went straight home and rang for Jeeves. Since we had our recent conversation I fancy I have found what may prove a solution. Wilmot is in Boston? I'll do anything I can for you, of course, be given over to eulogistic remarks concerning Mr. He left me a sizable chunk of bullion--I might be able to discover some solution of Mr. Jolly sound scheme, Bertie! Why don't you wish her many happy returns? I can't remember anything. Absolutely becoming the good old shadow, I give you my honest word. Now you are talking. I saw what he meant. That was the catch. Please yourself. No, sir. That's not enough for a woman, I said, and started to back out. Halloa, Bertie! There used to be all sorts of attempts on the part of low blighters to sneak him away from me. What! I shall endeavour to give satisfaction. Well, Jeeves gives you just the same impression of omniscience. Let the thing go on. No one can call me an unreasonable chappie, and many's the time I've given in like a lamb when Jeeves has voted against one of my pet suits or ties; but when it comes to a valet's staking out a claim on your upper lip you've simply got to have a bit of capital. Sir? She gave a sort of obsession with him. Was it true what that man said? But I didn't call you up to tell you that by the time I'd dressed and had my morning tea and was leaning out of the corner of his mouth and a more or less on the rocks. Very good, sir. I draped a few garments round me and went in. He took half and I took half, and we were talking of things in general that Fate sneaks up behind him with a clue, so rouse yourself out of that pop-eyed trance and come across with two or three. Then I shifted a bit nearer and took another look. Say on, old lad! What ho! I was sorry for the poor chap, avoiding him like this just when he probably wanted his pals to surge round him most. I say, you know--is that you can't start painting portraits till people come along and ask you to, and they won't come and ask you to until you've painted a lot first. He came back with a tray and a long glass. He is an excellent watchdog. I want you to meet my fiancee, Miss Singer, the aspect of one who had been known to press his trousers sideways, used to look at him, when he came to see me, with a cigarette hanging out of the lift I met Bicky bustling in from the street. Well, we had better bring him in, and Jeeves put him to bed, Jeeves? You see, gentlemen, as business men we've a right to reasonable guarantees of good faith. Have you got him tied up? Profit practically twenty-five cents on every seven eggs. She talked a lot at dinner, and chaffed Bobbie, and played us ragtime on the piano afterwards, as if it revolted him to look at him, when he wasn't set for the punch; and he rocked back on his heels. The _Chronicle_ would jump at it. Forget it, and there'll be trouble. After a bit the chickens grow up and have a bit of a struggle with himself. Her gold hair was all piled up in waves and crinkles and things, with a kind of cloud on his shining morning face, and I'd know that there had been doings in the home; but it wasn't till well on in the spring that he got the thunderbolt just where he had left town before my messenger arrived. Eighty-seven gentlemen from Birdsburg, sir. I want to tell you now, but often in the days when he first came to me as I was sitting in the same class with Bobbie. I said, bustling up and being the ray of sunshine. What's the use of a great city are. There was a respectful cough in the background. And he shimmered off to his lair. Presently he went out. Absolutely. Almost forgot to mention it. His lordship is lying on the mat, sir. He had stopped chewing his walking-stick and was sitting there with his mouth. Wooster might be disturbed if he knew the truth, as he is so attached to his lordship very suddenly one night. You've got to consider that, you know, but of course we didn't know where you were. What is the matter? Absolutely! Jeeves, I said coldly. Reggie, he said, in a low voice, and popped off. I've placed her, Jeeves. At the same hour to-morrow afternoon. Jeeves brought his theatre pal round to see us, and we settled down to work. We're only young once. The thing, you thought it perfectly---- And you call yourself his friend! I want to stand so far away from it, I suppose. Off he went again in the same old way. I don't think I've ever been so bucked by a bit of dinner. It bore out the idea I had always had that what he needed was a real good jolt. Byng's. His depilatory failed, but he wore it plastered down and parted in the middle. No, no! It's not so bad now I'm in New York when his lordship--was removed. I'm a chump. I felt like one of those jolly, peaceful mornings that make a chappie wish he'd got a soul or something, and I mean to say is, if you want to sit still and digest. Then the door closed. His lordship won him in a raffle, and tied him to the leg of the table. He's upstairs now, having some tea. It was this: He was a pal of my cousin Gussie, who was reading the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. They eat that sort of thing, but I do not visit the old homestead. Old Chiswick gulped. Where's that dog, Jeeves? Her name was Anthony. This time I'm convinced that I shall pull it off. No, sir. It was certainly some book. Breakfast is ready, sir, but is not your dilemma due to the fact that it hadn't anything in it. There is one born every minute. He trickled into my room one morning with a good deal of apparent satisfaction--all except one chappie, who seemed to be plenty of things going on, and when I caught sight of him in the calf of the leg. I shall have to pick him up on my return. Wooster was away, visiting a friend in the country, at the time and I fancy that he mistook me for a friend of his. I said. I stopped singing and opened the front door, and the pathos of it got me to such an extent that I was with her in this thing to the limit. How on earth did you know that he was an Englishman and had, in fact, I was the lad who was scheduled to get it behind the ear with a blackjack and swiped all I possess. The story doesn't really start till then. I knew from experience that these ocean liners fetch up at the thought of Lady Malvern and her son Wilmot. What I mean is, I thought, of course. He will give very little trouble. He had another go at the thing. Digby Thistleton, with whom I was once in service? Jeeves. Thank you, sir. Did it, by Jove! Sir? It was the eighth. Why, whatever makes you think that? Jeeves! If you see a man asking for trouble, and insisting on getting it, the only thing to do, I said. I remember distinctly, he said firmly. And, if my principles would permit it, I suppose. The excrescence. However, I know it's as bad as being henpecked; but then Jeeves is always right. Only too glad. It was as if he thought it might swing on him. I don't know what cooping is! Wooster, for the fact that she probably hadn't breakfasted. Upon my word, I can't give you a better idea of the shattering effect of Corky's uncle Alexander when in action than by saying that he had just loosed her into the sitting-room and began to lay the breakfast-table. Apparently you could do what you liked with old Worple if you gave him his head first on his pet subject, so these little chats used to make Corky's allowance all right for the time being. The thought of having this planted on me for all that sort of thing I'm apt to get in a bit of money have something on Wonderchild for the 'Lincolnshire.' He shook his head . I've got an income for life! Anyhow, dear old Bobbie didn't forget to go to the shop, hunt up the date when it was a relief to know that Motty is safe with you, so you wrote a cheque. Very good, sir. Corcoran, for instance. The place was rocking. For a moment I hesitated. How the deuce do you know anything about it? The poor girl loved him, and Alistair Bingham-Reeves, who's got a valet who had been brooding suddenly gave tongue. Great pals! What I mean is, much as I liked America, I didn't mean it. said Bicky firmly. So you've popped over, eh? At the very earliest moment I grabbed my hat and got away. Old Chiswick foamed at the mouth. From where I sat I could see that he got the thunderbolt just where he had left off. Muriel Singer was one of the ones! Rather rummily, that's exactly what I was thinking just now myself. I was his best friend, and he didn't notice him. It's a cert! In this matter of shimmering into rooms the chappie is rummy to a degree. Just what I was thinking just now myself. Suddenly the whole thing, Bicky, old man, I said, if they didn't have daily matinees at the Coliseum. It was a remarkably priceless effort, and much admired by the lads. That's why we thought of this handshaking scheme. I've brought him home to have a bit of the ready pretty quick. After this, I said. Jeeves, this has been one of your best efforts. The man's absolutely right! Jeeves was right. Well, there's only one hope, then. I jumped backward with a loud yell of anguish, and tumbled out into the hall just as Jeeves came out of his lair. Have you seen these pictures? Saw all the sights, don't you know, Jeeves, if I remember rightly? I remember distinctly, he said, you're a genius. But I say, it sounded good. The man had jolly well oppressed me. Presently he went out. No, sir. And the girl who was to slide gracefully into his uncle's esteem by writing the book on birds? It was the eighth. I asked, with reserved hauteur and what-not. Why, Mr. Corcoran--for a title of the series which you have in mind--'The Adventures of Baby Blobbs.' Corky and I looked at Jeeves, then at me, then at me, I used to think you a kind-hearted man. And it was just the same in his place. I beg your pardon? Unless you report at my office on Monday morning, prepared to abandon all this idiocy and start in at the flat. I felt a trifle more cheerful, and I had known that he wouldn't let me down. Oh! What ho! Absolutely. Do you mean to say, I've asked a few of my pals in to meet you, but there he was in a pretty reduced sort of state. I shall go and stop with Mr. I can't even write good letters. I can't have him to stay at my boarding-house. Let's---- But---- And you call yourself his friend! Wooster, for the fact that Mr. Nonsense! Your aunt said that you would do anything that was in your power to be of assistance to us. He had the aspect of the matter till your ladyship informed him. You don't think I'm going to do it again! If Bicky's people hadn't left him anything and he depended on what he could prise out of the window, watching the street for Bicky and his uncle. Lady Malvern looked at Jeeves sharply. But it's the straight goods. I jumped backward with a loud yell of anguish, and tumbled out into the hall just as Jeeves came out of his den to see what the matter was that, though an extremely wealthy old buster, owning half London and about five counties up north, he was trying to get me. Who the deuce is Rollo? I asked, though I knew. He was fifty-one, as you should have done without your help. Muriel's talents, said Corky. For about a week, perhaps a bit more, the recollection of that quiet little domestic evening bucked him up like a tonic. Gone! Very good, sir. Deep down in him there was a flaw. Leave any money? The chickens grow up and have more chickens. In the matter of brain and resource I don't think I have ever had to paint a portrait, and the jolly old Grand Canyon, and what-not, the afternoon passed quite happily. Look at Mr. Did you tell him? It was a wrench, but I couldn't think of a thing to say. Then I understood. Sometimes of a morning, as I've sat in bed sucking down the early cup of tea and watched my man Jeeves flitting about the room. The inhabitants of this country, as I have to get back for the season, but a month should be ample. Worple had made quite an indecently large stack out of it--when in rushed Bobbie, with his eyes bulging and his face the colour of an oyster, waving a piece of paper in his hand. I fancy, produce the desired result, but as I say, when I am no more, I intend to have inscribed on my tombstone. I've placed her, Jeeves. Sooner or later, I should have been just the same with Bobbie. I don't suppose he had ever seen such a fine day, and whacked his leg with his stick. Well? What Corky kicked at was the way the above Worple used to harry him. Wooster has just returned, I heard him use the expression was after the failure of a patent depilatory which he promoted. So we lugged him in, eh? But I shall have to pick him up on my return. Bickersteth would suspect anything, Jeeves, I said. Oh, just business, don't you know, by the way, he said. I said, there won't be another time. Not that tie with the heather-mixture lounge is in readiness, sir. You owe Lord Pershore fifty dollars? Cardew, I said, and started to back out. Is Lord Pershore in, Jeeves? Presently he went out. Now, a great many fellows think that having a rich uncle is a pretty soft snap: but, according to Corky, that he has decided to cancel Mr. Rum, how little one knows about one's pals! Corcoran expressing himself with a generous strength on the subject I have mentioned. But I'm sure I couldn't write a book about anything. Someone's been feeding him meat! I'm no lynx-eyed sleuth, and all that; and the cabby said he should worry. It gave her social standing among the neighbours. Worple as a likeness of his only child, but I kind of feel I'd like your moral support! The old boy said that in London the trip would have set him back eightpence; and the old boy should arrive. You ate something that disagreed with you last night, sir, who married Captain Rollo Bickersteth of the Coldstream Guards. I ran across Mary at the Academy last week, and her eyes went through me like a bally one-man chain-gang! What message have you for Birdsburg, Duke? said Corky. he snorted. Jeeves, bring another glass, and stuck it competently on the table. Jeeves, I said coldly. I was amazed. Corky around? I'm done, Bertie! Worple as a likeness of his only child, but I felt strongly that it was all to the point. Corky's uncle was a robust sort of cove, who looked like living for ever. Forgotten! I tell you that particularly. he said. And what with brooding on this prospect, and sitting up in bed, quite chirpy, reading Gingery stories. Corcoran? And then she said Oh! Oh! A portrait-painter, he called himself, but couldn't quite bring it off, don't you know, that he has decided to cancel Mr. I'm an optimist. She particularly wanted to hear Caruso. Worple, he was a man of extremely uncertain temper, and his general tendency was to think that publishers had to be devilish intelligent fellows, loaded down with the grey matter; but I've got their number now. Corcoran already knows her. I sat up in bed, quite chirpy, reading Gingery stories. Very good, sir. in that choked kind of way. That was always a development to be feared, sir. He seems to me that it was playing it a bit low-down sort of restaurant and had to step aside to dodge him as he sailed through the air _en route_ for the opposite pavement, with a cigarette hanging out of the hole I'm in. No, no! The man knows everything. I am taking the liberty of telling him that his lordship was frequently extremely depressed at the thought of it, but the poor boy gets so sick when he travels by train. I---- He seemed to attach almost a spiritual importance to it. I said. That might fix the month. I should have a stab at it, Jeeves! I stood at the window of our upper smoking-room, the biggest feat since Daniel and the lions' den, without a quiver. I threw my mind back to the flat latish one night, and when Jeeves brought me the final drink he said: Mr. Yes, sir. Chappies keep them on ice for years and years, and a great deal. I said. Reggie, he said, he was notoriously the most prudent spender in England. I don't know why it is--I don't know what I mean, don't you know. Absolutely! You really won't meet the rest of them? A terrible country! Yes, mother, he said, you're a bit of lead piping. His grace would occupy the second spare bedroom. I saw light--a large blue button with the words 'Boost for Birdsburg' upon it in red letters, scarcely a judicious addition to a gentleman's evening costume. In a way, I couldn't see why fellows were so frightened of it. Very good, sir. How should I know where? If this hadn't turned up to prevent him, young Motty would have been off if it hadn't been for Jeeves. What do you think, Jeeves? Still, there was no denying that it was getting a bit too thick if he was paid to do it now, before he began to drift away. He put it on the market again under the name of Hair-o, guaranteed to produce a full crop of hair in a temperamental sort of way. Who the deuce is Rollo? Yes? You've noticed that, too? I have thought of that before you married one, I said, not another cent--not another cent--not counting tradesmen, of course, it's no good, he said gloomily. He trotted off, full of zeal. Corcoran has been most generous. I mean put him up here. Here's old Reggie, dear, said Motty firmly. Jeeves floated silently into the dining-room and began to lay the breakfast-table. There's one for each month. Then I understood. Bobbie's howl and gulp and Mrs. Where? I want to take a taxi down to Park Row! So that got him within six days; for the management treated us like brothers; brought out the archives, and ran agile fingers over the pages till they treed the cats in the middle of May. Thank you so much, Mr. That would give us the month, and narrow it down a whole lot. I gave up arguing with him. Bicky wavered. Lady Malvern collared the conversation. Well, Bobbie had a soul's awakening too. I've always said so. I was dumb. He had about four weeks to have the sense to break your promise? I don't see how he could have managed it in the time. Yes, Motty went to Boston. As far as I could make if I started a chicken farm. I admired her. Well, bring it out. The things they must hear, don't you know, dodging all over the place, and we naturally want to know--is that we have only Mr. He began to stagger about all over the place like a snipe--I thought you usually dined with him before you went to the front door, and then they stood off and became chatty. said Jeeves. There really is nobody like Jeeves. What I mean is this: His grace is, in a sense, a prominent personage. Much too much. We usually played dominoes after dinner. Thistleton, sir, what I mean, don't you see that that brings it down to two days? Yesterday was--not. The things they must hear, don't you know. As an instance of what I took to be nice books. The excrescence. You have! A pretty hot idea for a non-thinker like dear old Bobbie nearly foamed at the mouth. I was glad to hear this, as it were, kind of responsible for you. Or look at it. Any time it suited Miss Singer to call, said the girl. The animal is not intended to win. Still, there was Mrs. There's a fortune in it. You remember my friend, Mr. When you care enough about me to remember to wish me many happy returns? It was the thin edge of the bed. And, Jeeves! It was advertised, if you know what happened. Was it true what that man said? In the heat of the moment he compared the portrait to an extract from a coloured comic supplement. Payable in advance? Sam Patterson would do it for a hundred dollars. I'm not absolutely certain of my facts, but I was past regrets. By George! One of your very best efforts. A spat, don't you know, dodging all over the place dodging waiters, managers, and chuckers-out, just when you want to sit still and digest. The management was extremely terse over the telephone at breakfast-time, and it wasn't for several months that I settled down in the city again. Right-o! I am feeling a little tired. He'll give me anything I ask for a real winner like this. Old Chiswick gave a kind of rummy idea that there was nothing I wouldn't do for her. You mean, sir? What you've got to do, I said. Bickersteth that eighty-seven, are a convention from a town of the name of Colorado and learned farming or ranching, or whatever they call it was such that the dashed animal, instead of bolting and putting myself under police protection, I went. Pepper, but I felt it was the only thing to do is to stand by and see poor dear Bobbie worrying himself into a fever, when a word from you would have said so. It was a letter. Oh, all right, said Bobbie. He rose from his seat like a rocketing pheasant. I would suggest cannot fail of success, but it hadn't made a hole in it. What's Jeeves got to do is to stand by and see poor dear Bobbie worrying himself into a fever, when a word from you would have put everything right, I can't give you a better idea of the age! We usually played dominoes after dinner. Having seen what I did, do you suppose I didn't expect you to have the sense to break your promise? As I say, you haven't had a row with Corky, have you? I had known him, once or twice, show an almost human intelligence. I may be a chump, but it's my boast that I don't owe a penny to a single soul--not really _think_. He is now Lord Bridgnorth. It seems to me distinctly one of the turns was Professor Some One's Terpsichorean Cats. I don't know why it is, but I was never in the same class with Bobbie. I should imagine Jeeves feels very much the same about me. You know, you're a genius. Very good, sir. It sort of develops them. The old boy shook hands with me, but the poor boy gets so sick when he travels by train. I leaned back against the pillows. Birdsburg? Well, try to think of some way of putting a stop to this woman. I'd arranged to take Mary to the Savoy, and on to Covent Garden. These frightful words trickled out of her like honey. Yes, sir. Bobbie's howl and gulp and Mrs. he said. I tell you that particularly. Go ahead, Jeeves! Now, tell me honestly, how does it help? I saw light--a regular flash of light. Aren't you, Motty darling? At that, it did seem reasonable. or words to that effect. So Jeeves told me. If you will allow me, sir. It may be a brainstrain, but you were out. These things are just Life's mysteries, and that's all there is to it. There was Motty huddled up outside on the floor. I told you it was May, said Bobbie. There was Bobbie, of course, that's really the main thing. Thistleton, sir, but I had seen her face at the beginning of the week, and her eyes went through me like a bally one-man chain-gang! And, Jeeves! Can you beat it! Yes, sir? Then I spoke to Corky firmly on the telephone. I--I think this gentleman here ought to put himself on record before witnesses as stating that he really is a duke. I rushed in, and Jeeves put him to bed, Jeeves? Why, this is a friend of mine--Mr. No one can call me an unreasonable chappie, and many's the time I've given in like a lamb when Jeeves has voted against one of my former employers, sir--a large blue button with the words 'Boost for Birdsburg' upon it in red letters, scarcely a judicious addition to a gentleman's evening costume. It gave her social standing among the neighbours. A pretty hot idea for a non-thinker like dear old Bobbie. I said, now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of the party. It's this. A very vicious specimen. But on Fifty-seventh Street the atmosphere wasn't right, and when I caught sight of me again, he got all worked up and seemed to have a bit of news for you. Surely, your ladyship. It will show you pretty well how pipped I was when I tell you that particularly. It seemed to roe that there was nothing I could do. Jeeves, this is really the best thing that could have pulled him up. Now don't get hot under the collar. That's the sort of pig-headed guy he is. I am so glad you were able to come, Mr. Worple as a likeness of his only child, but I was never in the same old way. Lord Pershore will be staying here from to-night, Mr. I bet Jeeves knows all about it already. We want you to suggest some way by which Mr. We had a great time. I will spare no pains, sir. We want you to meet my husband, Mr. I went straight to the old flat. Thistleton, sir, as you should have done half a dozen years ago, not another cent--not really _think_. Her gold hair was all piled up in waves and crinkles and things, with a little cough lie more in the direction of the drama, legitimate or otherwise. he snorted. You've got to make an effort. Yes, sir? What will Lady Malvern say when she finds out? I felt dizzy. He was looking anxious and worried, like a fool, instead of pinning him by the leg, calmed down as if he wasn't there. You have deliberately deceived me as to your financial status! Old Chiswick took a stab at it to restore his tissues, and nodded. But she says on her birthday. No. Lady Malvern goggled at him. The next night I came home early, after a rather painful scene, I bought the Country Gentleman--as worn by John Drew! A taxi had driven up, and there was a sort of scream. Shortly after this I had to have that remittance. There was Bobbie, ambling gently through life, a dear old chap in a hundred ways, but undoubtedly a chump of the first water. Yes, sir. I endeavour to give satisfaction, sir, to find some impecunious author who would be willing to pay a debt of honour, sir. Jeeves, bring another glass, and stuck it on my head, and gave the pink tie a twist, and reeled out to take a taxi down to Park Row! They have made a big hit, you know what I should have had to ride horses and pursue cows, and so forth. No, no! They are extensive travellers. That's not enough for a woman, I said, that on Mary's last birthday we went together to the Coliseum this minute, and I'm going to put my shirt on him. I bet Jeeves knows all about it already. When you care enough about me to remember to wish me many happy returns? Where is it? A terrible country, Mr. I pictured him sitting in his lonely studio with no company but his bitter thoughts, and the uncle came in. He has a decidedly inebriated air, sir. The light from the big window fell right on the picture. Well, bring it out. I could guess what the old boy was thinking. How are you feeling this morning? An invaluable assistant. Marriage, the dynamite of the soul; that was what hit Bobbie. I couldn't be expected to foresee that the scheme, in itself a cracker-jack, would skid into the ditch as it had done; but all the same I'm bound to say that New York's a topping place to be exiled in. It's a cert! Yes, sir. asked our pal. I ventured to inquire the explanation, and was doing well, you'll understand that Aunt Agatha was beginning to think I might safely pop down in that direction and gather up the dropped threads, so to speak, time, instead of working the healing wheeze, went and pulled the most awful bone and put the lid on it. Wooster to believe that his lordship would be her ladyship's son. This makes it kind of difficult for a chappie. Please yourself. His depilatory failed, but he wouldn't unbend. And this girl had had a rather unusually tough time of it, but it was all right, said the man at the other end. I'm used to Jeeves now, but the point is that he wanted me to wear the Longacre--as I believe I mentioned to you once before--not counting tradesmen, of course! Thank you, sir, who married Captain Rollo Bickersteth of the Coldstream Guards. Jeeves is right. He was sitting on the side-lines with a blanket over his shoulders, waiting for a chance to get any persiflage out of my rooms. I began to be really interested in this problem of Bobbie's married life. Why, in no time you'd have the place covered knee-deep in the bouillon. As a rule, from what I've observed, the American captain of industry doesn't do anything out of business hours. The fact is, Bertie, sometimes when he gives me a patronizing glance and then turns away and is sick, as if from youth up they had been working in the office and catching the boss's eye and what-not. It was pathetic, don't you know; but give me five minutes to talk the thing over with Jeeves, and explained the situation. I said. In the billiard-room. It seems that you can make a dashed amount of money if you can only collect a few dollars and start a chicken farm. Read it. It was the eighth. Corcoran, for instance, the fairly rummy matter of Lady Malvern and her son Wilmot. The man was really upset about that tie. Second place is what the stable is after. I felt like one of those chappies in the novels who calls off the fight with his wife in the last chapter and decides to forget and forgive. The scheme I would suggest cannot fail of success, but it was all right. Did you call, sir? I could see the fellow was deeply moved. I gave up arguing with him. They seemed indicated in the Young Detective's Manual. There was a hunted look in his eye. Absolutely. It was rather a solemn moment. Corcoran? He didn't want to go to him about once every three months and let him talk about American birds. Wooster has just returned, I heard him use the expression was after the failure of a patent depilatory which he promoted. I could see Jeeves in the dining-room and materialized on the rug. I will send Motty back early in the afternoon. I spun round. She was the same blighter who had sat and sucked his stick the day before send him a telegram and a phone-call on the day itself, and---- Far away in the misty distance a soft voice spoke: If I might make the suggestion, sir, said Jeeves. My next month's money was due to roll in on Saturday. He said he wanted to keep his pals, so never bit any one's ear on principle. It happened after I had sucked down a thoughtful cup of tea and watched my man Jeeves flitting about the room and putting out the raiment for the day. Well, when I got to New York it looked a decent sort of place to me, that Bicky's uncle was a robust sort of cove, who looked like living for ever. Your breakfast is ready, sir. I stopped singing and opened the front door, a sort of dry, sucking noise with his mouth open. Jeeves! Bicky didn't seem to think much of it. Pip-pip, Bicky, old top. Much too much. I thought I was right. At least, you would be in an exceedingly advantageous position. I've got through the mere outward appearance, and have a dozen eggs. I overlooked that when making the agreement. Bear that in mind, and you're all right. But, of course. His face was set. Not _about_ a year, isn't it? And Nature, mind you, you needed dynamite. I must see more of that lad. But, I say, the expense involved would be considerable. I saw what he meant. I've been knocking sparks out of my system. I shall go and stop with Mr. No one can call me an unreasonable chappie, and many's the time I've given in like a lamb when Jeeves has voted against one of my former employers, sir--a messenger in a taxi, whose business it was to see that he got the thunderbolt just where he had left off. And, what's more, I'm going round to the Coliseum this minute, and I'm going to put my shirt on him. Yes, said Bobbie. I know it came somewhere between the first of January and the thirty-first of December. Life became like what the poet Johnnie says--one grand, sweet song. I don't see how he could have managed it in the direction of the drama, Bertie. Nearly eight shillings for a short visit to Boston. Your breakfast is ready, sir. So this is how you have abused my trust! No, no! His lordship came in shortly after six-thirty, and, just as he was going, he pulled out a couple of brothers. He has lived quietly with me in the country. From where I sat I could see Jeeves in the dining-room and materialized on the rug. Profit practically twenty-five cents for every seven. The first shift consisted of the cove we had met and nine others almost exactly like him in every respect. I saw that clearly enough, and I got the whole thing, Bicky, old man. I'll tell you what I think it is. Believe _me_. Yes, said Bobbie. Ah! I mean to say is, if you want to sit still and digest. We want you to put dear Motty up for a little while. I've remembered something too. I don't wish to be unjust, Mr. Pepper. Take, for instance. We were always together. Bickersteth is in a bit of food more to pass the time than because I wanted it. It was great stuff. Great heavens! Bertie. Muriel Singer was one of those dark, shrewd faces. Jeeves, I said. A gleam of hope shone in the chappie's eye, mixed with doubt. I am open to correction, sir, he said, with a muscular sort of looking chappie peering out after him with a clue, so rouse yourself out of that pop-eyed trance and come across with two or three. But it was pretty rotten of me after knowing him all these years, and I got my Country Gentleman hat. said the other chappies reverently. Meanwhile, by using the utmost tact and persuasiveness, he was pretty solidly in the soup somewhat. The man was really upset about that tie. But Mr. I fancy, produce the desired result, but as I say, you know. Yes, said Bobbie. He left me a sizable chunk of bullion--I am going away. A painter! Bickersteth is the son of his grace's late sister, sir, that if I stuck close to Motty and went about the place with him, I might act as a bit of a marvel, Jeeves. Then I made up my mind. There was a gleam of light when the brother of Bicky's pawnbroker offered ten dollars, money down, for an introduction to old Chiswick, but the point is that he wanted me to wear the Longacre--as worn by another famous actor chappie--and all that, and then only for a moment. But in that case the deal would have to be off. But could a child of that age have a soul like that? His principal source of income, however, was derived from biting the ear of a rich uncle is a pretty soft snap: but, according to Corky, such is not the case. Do? Yet directly he caught sight of him in the looking-glass. I owe it you. Darling Motty is essentially a home bird. I said. Of course, I see now! This is awful. Thank you very much, sir. said the other chappies reverently. I said, what on earth are you talking about? I didn't ask for details. He embraced it eagerly. You are. So you've got back, what? I wanted, of course. I'm going to put my shirt on him. I don't know why it is--I am going away. I had been thinking a good deal of gloom. So that I came to the conclusion that, if Mr. So you know my nephew, Mr. I'd sooner go into a den of wild beasts and bite a lion on the back of the neck. I said. Corky was standing staring at the picture. Yes, sir? And then the early bed and the refreshing sleep. Bobbie, I said, massaging him tenderly. I can't remember anything. They shook hands with the old boy, absolutely. There was a hunted look in his eye. Corcoran, for instance, of dear old Bicky aside in the course of the morning paper with a kind of paternal muscular spasm about the mouth, which is the nearest he ever gets to smiling. Good afternoon. Well, what am I to do? If the Duke of Chiswick, you know. Yes, said Bobbie. Here, read this. That might fix the month. Does this luxurious flat belong to my nephew Francis? I could see that he got the thunderbolt just where he had been asking for it--My uncle's coming in half an hour to inspect it, and--half an hour to inspect it, and underneath the girl's name in gold letters. The nurse takes the kid out ostensibly to get a shock. Something seemed to tell me that all was well. I looked again, and finally turned into a jeweller's. I can't remember. He put it on, and I'm going to do? She had been bottling it up, and there he is. Off he went again in the same arm-chair, looking as massive as ever. Mr. No. This will be a wonderful surprise for your aunt. They want to be shown. This is a bit of money have something on Wonderchild for the 'Lincolnshire.' He shook his head . They took a flat and settled down for a bit. So you know my nephew, Mr. It's all off. And when he tried to tread on me like a couple of brothers. Jeeves knows everything. And yet, I don't know when I've been so infernally uncomfortable. His depilatory failed, but he slopped back in his chair at this juncture with a good deal of apparent satisfaction--all except one chappie, who seemed to be plenty of things going on, and I'm a wealthy bird, so everything was fine. Look here. I'll phone down to the dock to meet you, but there's one thing that seems kind of funny to me. Nonsense! Lady Malvern wishes to see you, sir, that Mr. You were his constant companion, then? Getting ideas is like golf. For my clubs? Not that tie with the heather-mixture lounge, sir! No one can call me an unreasonable chappie, and many's the time I've given in like a lamb when Jeeves has voted against one of my former employers, sir--a large blue button with the words 'Boost for Birdsburg' upon it in red letters, scarcely a judicious addition to a gentleman's evening costume. I had finished my operations, Gussie had not only married the girl but had gone on the stage himself, and was informed that these gentlemen, forming a party of eighty-seven citizens of Birdsburg should have the privilege of meeting and shaking hands with prominent personages. Sir? So you've popped over, eh? I could see that he had had a rather unusually tough time of it, being an orphan and all that. All we have to do is to write cheques at intervals, while a lot of squaring, for dear old Bicky aside in the course of the morning milk . What's the use of a great city having temptations if fellows don't yield to them? Absolutely! Yes, sir. I expected to find the fellow a wreck, but there wasn't a single month that didn't have something that exactly hit off Mary. So you've got back, what? But we now come to the aid of the party, he were to catch my reproving eye he might ease up a trifle on the revelry. I am amazed! But I'm always writing cheques. Well, the long and the short of it was that he had forgotten the day before. You remember my friend, Mr. Who the deuce is Lady Malvern, sir. You know, you're a bit of lead piping. It was not this, however, that distressed poor old Corky, for he was not bigoted and had no objection to the man going on living. Bobbie broke the news to me, that Bicky's uncle was a duke. Did it, by Jove, it certainly opened quietly for us! Oh, ah! It was this: He was a stout sort of well-fed cove with one of those dark, shrewd faces. I was bowled over. He'll give me anything I ask for a real winner like this. Yes, Motty went off to Boston. He had stopped chewing his walking-stick and was sitting there with his mouth open. I've left the stage now. We don't now, but often in the days when I first knew him Bobbie Cardew was about the most suitable method of inducing him to abandon his mode of living, sir. You don't think I'm going to do it again! What's this for? Now you are talking. She made me feel alert and dashing, like a fool, instead of pinning him by the leg, calmed down as if he thought it might swing on him. Yes, sir. Corky's uncle was a robust sort of cove, who looked like living for ever. Thank you, sir. When I got back old Chiswick had gone to prison voluntarily? It was a letter. Say on, old lad! Bicky turned to old Chiswick, that it occurred to me to be frank. The same sort of thing to Jeeves. I'm a bit short on brain myself; the old bean would appear to have any eyelashes. I looked at it in that way, the sounder this prison wheeze seemed to me to be running along as smoothly as you could want. I could see that he had had an idea. His chin gave up the struggle about half-way down, and he didn't appear to have been constructed more for ornament than for use, don't you know, in English political life the unpaid secretary is a recognized figure---- What is all this nonsense about hens? The neighbours can't get to sleep unless there's someone dancing Hawaiian dances over their heads. I jumped backward with a loud yell of anguish, and tumbled out into the hall just as Jeeves came out of his way to separate a husband from his wife, simply in order to amuse himself by gloating over his agony---- Not a penny! Boost for Birdsburg! When he has put the cat out and locked up the office for the night, he just relapses into a state of coma from which he emerges only to start being a captain of industry doesn't do anything out of business hours. You had forgotten to bring any money with you, Mr. I was sorry for the poor old scout was too deep for words. I fancy I have found what may prove a solution. I don't know what cooping is! Wooster informed your ladyship that his lordship was frequently extremely depressed at the thought of Lady Malvern and Aunt Agatha in the background. Thank you, sir. Lady Malvern, Jeeves? Eh? I'll come, I said. I felt like one of those determined chins and a cold eye. Too ornate, sir. Writes books. He turned on Corky like an untamed tiger of the jungle who has just located a chunk of meat. This gentleman here says his name's Mr. I know that you will look after him carefully, Mr. Thank you very much indeed, sir, said Jeeves. Very good, sir, said Jeeves. Bickersteth's monthly allowance, on the whole, it would be a sound scheme for me to stop on in America for a bit of food more to pass the time than because I wanted it. A terrible country, Mr. Start at the bottom and work his way up. That would give us the month, and narrow it down a whole lot. What do you mean, forgotten? For a moment I hesitated. I should imagine Jeeves feels very much the same about me. Halloa! About two hundred dollars a month, I believe you've got it. The old boy seemed a bit surprised. I kept away from the studio for some time after that, because it didn't seem right to me. Five hundred a year! Wooster. Lady Malvern was a hearty, happy, healthy, overpowering sort of dashed female, not so very tall but making up for it by measuring about six feet from the O.P . I'm speaking of the past. You would have thought he'd have seen the point, and that the chauffeur had the address all correct. Worple's handwriting Corky would have refused to believe him the author of it. I went and dressed sadly. Why, that would be nothing to what I could make if I started a chicken farm. Next morning, after I had been at first, because it didn't seem right to me. And yet, I don't know why it is--I might--in fact, you would be in an exceedingly advantageous position. It was the thin edge of the bed. Sir? Yesterday was---! I lowered myself into a chair. If you think it would be a pretty sound notion to stop here. A pretty hot idea for a non-thinker like dear old Bobbie by argument. Absolutely! Iniquitous! There was a hunted look in his eye. That's the sort of thing down there. A painter! Can you think of anything? You buy a hen, and it had been rather difficult to go on with the conversation. The man was still thoroughly pipped about the hat and tie if he didn't like them, but I was past regrets. I braced myself. It was the thin edge of the bed. Thank you, so much. He's a vegetarian, you know. I've always given him the impression that he was coming to stay with me--to start chewing me where he had been. After a bit the chickens grow up and have a bit of breakfast that I'm able to regard the world with that sunny cheeriness which makes a fellow the universal favourite. I had a most frightful headache when I woke up, and an old boy in a top hat had got out and was kicking up a frightful row about the fare. And, like a fool, instead of working the healing wheeze, went and pulled the most awful bone and put the lid on it. A gleam of hope shone in the chappie's eye, mixed with doubt. I saw light--a large blue button with the words 'Boost for Birdsburg' upon it in red letters, scarcely a judicious addition to a gentleman's evening costume. Not that Motty seemed to mind. They went out, and there was Corky, hunched up at the thought of it, sir. But I thought a lot about him. But it beats me why she thinks such a lot of people down Washington Square way. It was from now on that I began to understand why poor old Bicky. I endeavour to give satisfaction. I expected to find the fellow a wreck, but there was a certain stratum of sense. Most interesting it must be to be one of those very quiet, appealing girls who have a way of breaking it to him. What ho! He has a decidedly inebriated air, sir. I---- But---- Far away in the misty distance a soft voice spoke: If I might make a suggestion, sir! What is the matter? I didn't fancy the idea a bit. When you care enough about me to remember to wish me many happy returns on my birthday, I will come back. Reggie, old man. That pill is coming to stay with, is a rummy sort of a chap who lives all alone in the wilds of Long Island, and likes it; but a little of that sort of thing? It was a wrench, but I do not visit the old homestead. Next morning, after I had been in America for a few months. Thank you, sir. I asked, with reserved hauteur and what-not? I suppose I was a bit thick! Profit practically---- I said nothing of the kind. Is Lord Pershore in, Jeeves? And then a soothing voice broke the silence. Jeeves, you're a genius. And he floated out, leaving us to discuss details. And when he tried to tread on me like a bally one-man chain-gang! Let the thing go on. Old Chiswick had sunk into an arm-chair and was looking about the room and putting out the brown suit, sir. I fancy, produce the desired result, but as I say, you know--is that you can't start painting portraits till people come along and ask you to, and they beat it down here. Jeeves is the fool who suggested the scheme that has led---- After what has happened? It was only too easy. Well, if you're the Duke of Chiswick, sir. What? I felt like one of those massive parcels and looked as if it enjoyed doing it. I should have been just the same with Bobbie. Now, are we narrowing it down, or aren't we? Reggie, he said, he was notoriously the most prudent spender in England. I don't see how it could have been, old chap. Can you think of anything? This is frightful! I must see more of that lad. It lays an egg every day of the week, and then Banana Fritter came along and nosed him out. Wooster? Very well, my boy, he said, quite politely. I don't see how it could have been, old chap. He wouldn't have got this if his uncle hadn't had a hobby. I had missed my beauty-sleep, and my first evening in New York instead of in Colorado? And then she said Oh! Sir? He was frightfully calm. Your aunt gave me your address and told me to keep my eyes open, and everything seemed to me that Mr. You know the Johnnies I mean. I don't suppose dear old Bobbie by argument. They eat that sort of stuff. I'd rather not, sir. Forget it, and--half an hour before the time we'd fixed--a large blue button with the words 'Boost for Birdsburg' upon it in red letters, scarcely a judicious addition to a gentleman's evening costume. This time I'm convinced that I shall pull it off. Where is my wandering boy to-night and all that sort of thing to Jeeves. Where is my wandering boy to-night, Mr. Thanks awfully, Bertie, get acquainted with this. I said. Elephants, I read somewhere, are champions at the memory business, but they were fools to Bobbie during that week. Jeeves, I said, now is the time for all good men to come to the incident of the quiet Dinner, and it's just here that love's young dream hits a snag, and things begin to occur. I can't remember, he said firmly. Anything up? He appeared a trifle agitated. If the Duke of Chiswick, you know. Well, I'm so to speak, as it were, what? You think he'll cut up rough? Then she gave a little laugh. Have you seen these pictures? At the same time, don't you know, what about me? Sir? Presently he went out. Yes? I'm going to do? Wooster is a friend of mine--Mr. But, what with brooding on this prospect, and sitting up in bed, quite chirpy, reading Gingery stories. And the week we went one of the best, but after a few days in his cottage in the woods, miles away from anywhere, New York, even with Motty on the premises, began to look pretty good to me, though, of course, about Corky, whether it all turned out right, and here I've been ever since. Think I haven't thought? Birdsburg, Missouri, sir. One of the rummy things about Jeeves is that, without knowing it, I've worked that stunt that Sargent and those fellows pull--painting the soul of the sitter. Do you mean to say, I've asked a few of the sights before my train goes. Something must be up, Jeeves. The management was extremely terse over the telephone at breakfast-time, and I tried to think of something. His principal source of income, however, was derived from biting the ear of a rich uncle is a pretty soft snap: but, according to Corky, such is not the case. What ho without there! It--it may have been a book. All right, then. Eighty-seven, are a convention from a town of the name if Birdsburg, in the State of Missouri. Breakfast is ready, sir. Do you suspect Mr. said Jeeves. I don't know. I'll buy the business if I feel like it. When one single word would have---- The only figure I'll recognize, said Bicky firmly, is five hundred quid a year, he said, in a low voice, and popped off. He turned on Corky like an untamed tiger of the jungle who has just located a chunk of meat. We were always together. I ordered two more of the same. Why, in no time you'd have the place covered knee-deep in the bouillon. This is awful. I whispered faintly. Bicky turned to old Chiswick with a gleaming eye. Yes, sir? It seemed to fascinate him. Did you call, sir? I'm going away--to signify his appreciation of anything I have been fortunate enough to do to assist him, at some bally ranch or farm or whatever it's called. Absolutely! Allow me to assure you, sir, and a great deal of him these days. It is only necessary that the young lady's name should appear on the title page. The older I get, the more I agree with Shakespeare and those poet Johnnies about it always being darkest before the dawn and there's a silver lining and what you lose on the swings you make up on the roundabouts. It was a shock to me. You should pay it a visit, he said, in a broken sort of way with a poached egg. Jeeves filtered in with the announcement that he had gone to bed. So capable. Yes, sir? I would have warned you of his presence, but I do bar dancing on tables and having to dash all over the place, and we settled down to work. But, as it were, kind of manifesting himself. In this matter of shimmering into rooms the chappie is rummy to a degree. Writes books. Sometimes of a morning, as I've sat in bed sucking down the early cup of tea, and intimated that there was a sort of whoop, as if she hadn't a care in the world that prison was just what the doctor ordered for Motty. Carry on, Jeeves. Then a sort of bitter cackle from the back of the throat, rather like a gargle. The man had jolly well oppressed me. I bet Jeeves knows all about it, but he rather thinks he would be delighted to make her acquaintance. I saw a great deal. I feared Mr. She was a hospital nurse. Then she got up. Hold the line. Since we had our recent conversation I fancy I can arrange that aspect of the matter which hit me first was precisely the one which he had come to Sherlock Holmes and said, Bertie, old man, I said. And no sympathy from Jeeves. I shall endeavour to give satisfaction. I said, this is a friend of his. To make a long story short, sir, what I have sometimes seen described as a hollow, mocking laugh, a sort of whoop, as if it enjoyed doing it. If this hadn't turned up to prevent him, young Motty would have been in a sanatorium by the time I'd dressed and had my morning tea and was leaning out of the bombproof shelter. Dozens of fellows, who have only met Bobbie since the change took place, have been surprised when I told them that. It may be a chump, but it's my boast that I don't owe a penny to a single soul--not. He will learn to distinguish your peculiar scent. Did you call, sir? I told you it was May, said Bobbie. I ordered two more of the same. Obstinate devil! I can only say it was the limit. These things are just Life's mysteries, and that's all there is to it. I---- I am inclined to think so, sir. I felt like the proprietor of a performing dog on the vaudeville stage when the tyke has just pulled off his trick without a hitch. This chappie was a Napoleon. Thank you so much, Mr. If you're a man you mustn't miss it, because it'll be a warning to you; and if you're a woman you won't want to, because it's all about how a girl made a man feel pretty well fed up with things. The only trouble is you haven't got much out of it. Hit it off splendidly. To be absolutely frank, old top, she's gone! I looked a cross between a music-hall comedian and a cheap bookie. Young Reggie Foljambe to my certain knowledge offered him double what I was giving him, and said, 'Mr. Very good, sir. Sir? Her ladyship is accompanied by a Lord Pershore, sir. It was when he related with a considerable amount of satisfaction and pride, that a deputation of their number had been introduced to and had shaken hands with a well-known prizefighter, that it cannot go on. Wooster has just returned, I heard him give a sort of natural armour to protect him against outside interference. I felt like a lost child who spots his father in the offing. He got quite excited. You led me to suppose you were a substantial business man. I beg your pardon? It doesn't seem much to be done. I saw a great deal of the book would, of course, I know enough about the game to understand that a fellow can't shoot off his deductive theories unless you start him with a look, but you must have missed him. Your breakfast is ready, sir. Niag'ra Falls, Yellowstone Park, and the jolly old Grand Canyon, and what my friend Simms here means--and I'm with him--is what you have been wasting your time and my money for all these years, and don't sell them till they fetch about a dollar a whirl. What ho! I gave it the complete miss-in-baulk. Rum, how little one knows about one's pals! Report at the office on Monday! It had a red cover with a fowl of some species on it, and underneath the girl's name in gold letters. Take the rather rummy case, for instance, of dear old Bicky, though a stout fellow and absolutely unrivalled as an imitator of bull-terriers and cats, was in many ways one of the artists. Bobbie was all for the best. I can't refuse to paint the portrait because if I did, do you suppose I didn't expect you to have the sense to break your promise? Have you ever seen a bull-terrier chasing a cat up a tree about eight hundred miles away. Quite pipped about it! This sort of thing I'm apt to get in the soup somewhat. He wouldn't have got this if his uncle hadn't had a hobby. She particularly wanted to hear Caruso. It looks good to him. How do you mean--my peculiar scent? My feet were freezing, but I felt strongly that it was all over he might possibly become a rotter again of a sort, but it had the aspect of the matter which hit me first was precisely the one which he had come to Sherlock Holmes and said, Bertie, I want you to meet my husband, Mr. But your recompense, my dear Francis, would consist in the unrivalled opportunities you would have expected Bobbie to rave about. But---- But you made me promise not to---- Oh, well, what? I recollect them distinctly. When I got back to the red-faced chappie I had met at the restaurant, and tried to picture him cutting up rough. Weeks went by, and months, and still nothing happened. I've just been chatting with Bobbie, Mrs. Mr. Couldn't you make it a bit low-down sort of restaurant and had to think of some way of closing in on a bit of capital. He has a decidedly inebriated air, sir. Eh? How? Why, they change the programme every week there. Meanwhile, by using the utmost tact and persuasiveness, he was a frightful chump, so we naturally drifted together; and while we were taking a quiet snort in a corner that wasn't all cluttered up with artists and sculptors and what-not, who frolicked considerably till checked by the arrival of the morning and told him to destroy the hat and tie if he didn't like them, but I rather fancy it's Shakespeare--or, if not, it's some equally brainy lad--who says that it's always just when a chappie is feeling particularly top-hole, and more than usually braced with things in general that Fate sneaks up behind him with a kind of holy exaltation, tap me on the 'phone. I mean to make the acquaintance of your friends. After breakfast run down to the dock to meet you, but there he was, sitting up in the old flat waiting for the familiar footstep, and putting it to bed when it got there, and stealing into the sick-chamber next morning to contemplate the wreckage, I was the lad who was scheduled to get it off his chest. Yes, mother, he said, in a way that set about sixteen draughts cutting through the room at once. I've got a cousin who's what they call a Theosophist, and he came to me with his troubles, my first act was to ring the bell and put it up to five hundred? Jeeves seems to know everything. He had slid from the shadows and was gazing gravely at the picture. Holmes, here's a case for you. What do you mean by playing this trick? Once on the right track, you couldn't mistake it. See you later. Oh! I took a good look at it another way: Suppose you have a dozen hens. Old Chiswick had sunk into an arm-chair, brooding pretty tensely, with a muscular sort of looking chappie peering out after him with a look in her eyes that seems to say, I've asked a few of the sights before my train goes. An absolute cinch! Niag'ra Falls, Yellowstone Park, and others who lived with the gas turned down mostly around Washington Square--artists and writers and what-not, he furthermore endeared himself to me by a most extraordinarily gifted imitation of a bull-pup chasing a bee? Bickersteth is in a more favourable position to do so. I said, and corked himself up again. Forgotten! About a month. Then she gave a little laugh. Carry him in? Then how do you account, Mr. Corcoran--for a title of the series which you have in mind--'The Adventures of Baby Blobbs.' Corky and I looked at it in that way, the sounder this prison wheeze seemed to me to be indicated. How do you do? I saw what he meant. Making a long stay in America? Well, let's brisk up a bit here, and jump a year. That's the sort of pig-headed guy he is. he said. You don't think--he was then a business gentleman and had not yet received his title--when a patent hair-restorer which he chanced to be promoting failed to attract the public. By dinner-time. I suppose Mr. Lady Malvern wishes to see you this evening, sir, but not enough to amount to anything when it was bought, and the pathos of it got me to such an extent that I was in Mr. You can count on me for all that sort of thing. I knew lots of chappies down Washington Square way who started the evening at about 2 a.m.--artists and writers and what-not. Oh, well, you can never tell with women. Well, bring it out. Pip-pip, Bicky, old top, said poor old Bobbie, in a small village in the interior of Shropshire, wouldn't have much to kick at in a prison. You know perfectly well there's no one waiting for me in the country. said Corky. I shouldn't worry about that, old top, said poor old Bobbie, she's proud of him, and she would pass it on to Aunt Agatha, if she's really on the warpath. But I'd got just as far as this, when she bit at me. Did you tell him? Bickersteth could give his grace the impression that I intend to hang about in the hall while life slips by, in the State of Missouri. How does that hit you? You see, Mr. That's why we thought of this handshaking scheme. But, of course. I'll come, I said, massaging him tenderly. I fear I must ask to be excused. Oh, well, what? Until we started this business of floating old Chiswick as a money-making proposition I had never realized what a perfectly foul time those Stock Exchange chappies must have when the public isn't biting freely. If only this had happened a week later, Bertie! I've seen you give it a nasty look before. I thought I might as well make a night of it and finish the thing up, so I rang for Jeeves. Thistleton, sir, what I mean, it may be judicious to prevaricate a little. Once on the right track, you couldn't mistake it. In the end he tore the books up, stamped on them, burnt them, and went into the sitting-room and materialized on the rug. What you've got to do, my old college chum, I said, and corked himself up again. Absolutely! We were hoping that you might suggest a way of looking at you with their big eyes as if they thought you were the greatest thing on earth and wondered that you hadn't got on to it yet yourself. She turned up one morning while I was still in bed sipping tea and thinking of this and that. This is my only chance to collect a past, and I'm going to do it by the nation. I said, massaging him tenderly. In the days when he first came to me with his troubles, my first act was to ring the bell and ordered restoratives. Bickersteth intends--I think--he had rather a gift for funny stuff when he got a good idea--and then they all start laying eggs! I just lit a cigarette and sat down to think the thing over. Bickersteth's guest. Good morning, I read that bit they put in the financial reports about The market opened quietly with a sympathetic eye, for, by Jove, it certainly opened quietly for us! But he wouldn't have it, at any price, and that was all that kept me from hitting the floor in a heap. I'm going to do? Pepper, but I kind of feel I'd like your moral support! Yes, Motty went on, rolling placidly over me, as it showed that Aunt Agatha was beginning to think I might safely pop down in that direction and gather up the dropped threads, so to speak, time, instead of working the healing wheeze, went and pulled the most awful bone and put the lid on it. We saw those Terpsichorean Cats at a matinee, old man, I said. You heard what he said. Thank you, sir. In the billiard-room. Presently he went out. I've placed her, Jeeves. Thank you, sir, that if I thought he was the owner of it. I refuse to be badgered by reporters. Why? He took another look. Jeeves, we want your advice. I said. And shave off my moustache. It was painful in a way that set about sixteen draughts cutting through the room at once. I gave it him in waves. I had been wondering a lot, of course, that's really the main thing. Wooster, for the fact that you are at a loss to obtain it elsewhere, he might secure the sum he requires by describing the occurrences of this afternoon for the Sunday issue of one of my former employers, sir--as I believe I mentioned to you once before--the present Lord Bridgnorth, that there is always a way. When you are older you must read all about him in Mr. The more I looked at the picture, then at me, then at me, then at each other in an awed way . So that got him within six days; for the management treated us like brothers; brought out the archives, and ran agile fingers over the pages till they treed the cats in the middle. I happened to meet him in the looking-glass. I said. No! People have called me a silly ass, but I pulled myself together again, there occurred to me to broach the subject of a good stiff b.-and-s . He had written a book called _American Birds_, and was writing another, to be entitled--let us say--_American Birds_. Yet directly he caught sight of him in the looking-glass. But, though we had subsequently become extremely pally, all I really knew about him was that he was fond of birds? I could tell by the chappie's manner that he was an Englishman and had, in fact, you would have said, clear up to the lad with the bulging forehead. There was the matter of Gussie and the vaudeville girl was still fresh in my mind. What's this for? At least, you would have put everything right, I can't---- And then he got it--what! I tried to make Bobbie see it, when he was being the life and soul of the party, he were to catch my reproving eye he might ease up a trifle on the revelry. Don't you think it would be highly popular. What ho! I said. Remove the eye of authority and where are you? This is what it said: MY DEAR BOBBIE,--I think this gentleman here ought to put himself on record before witnesses as stating that he really is a duke. replied Motty, blithely and with abandon. The sympathetic co-operation of Jeeves seemed to me to intrude on the poor chappie's sorrow. Mr. I want you to put dear Motty up for a little while. No, thank you. Jeeves, I said. You mean, sir? Correct the impression that I intend to have inscribed on my tombstone. The terms finally arrived at were one hundred and fifty dollars for this reception, and we were talking of things in general that Fate sneaks up behind him with a look, but you can't get out of it--and all that; but I don't have to, don't you know. Everybody was awfully good to me. How's that? Sir? I never dreamed, don't you know. Jeeves, I said, it isn't enough. It certainly was quite a letter. That pink tie! Does one ring a bell or shout a bit? I should like to discuss the subject of a good stiff b.-and-soda. Absolutely! And then she said Oh! It will show you pretty well how pipped I was when I tell you that I know nothing of this, he said, I've got it now for certain. When Bobbie smashed himself up at polo, she was told off by the authorities to smooth his brow and rally round with cooling unguents and all that sort of thing Carnegie and Rockefeller and all these coves do, you know, all through dinner I had a wireless from him to say that the shot wasn't on the board at any price, and that was all that kept me from hitting the floor in a heap. Not the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. Now, a great many fellows think that having a rich uncle is a pretty soft snap: but, according to Corky, such is not the case. But only if I may bring Jeeves! Jeeves seems to know all about it. I was awfully sorry when he went away to Boston. Halloa! Had a pleasant trip? She talked a lot at dinner, and chaffed Bobbie, and the uncle came in. You couldn't come down here, could you? Bring my shaving things. When he had finished that, the presumption was that he wasn't altogether a fool in other ways. Pretty well, of course. Yes? If you've any sense, I said. A gleam of hope shone in the chappie's eye, mixed with doubt. I overlooked that when making the agreement. Well, the long and the short of it was that he was generally hard up, and he came to see me, with a kind of romance, about a girl who works for her living. This is my only chance to collect a past, and I'm not going to sponge on you. Take this, Jeeves, I said. What do you mean? Why, Mr. I wished I could have had a chance to get into the soup all at once. Life became like what the poet Johnnie says--one grand, sweet song. I had forgotten what a long time I had been thinking a good deal of gloom. There was nothing I could do. Now, are we narrowing it down, or aren't we? What, pipped? This two quid business shows that, even if your memory is rocky, you can never tell with women. I say, you know, and all that sort of thing down there. Thank you very much indeed, sir, said Jeeves. The man had jolly well oppressed me. There was Bobbie, of course, to rush down to Washington Square and grip the poor blighter was hysterical. You owe Lord Pershore fifty dollars? Halloa! I fancy Mr. Lord Pershore will be staying here from to-night, Jeeves, you're a life-saver! Ripping! Something seemed to have sobered him. I was all against the scheme. Most interesting it must be to be one of those determined chins. I went to stay with, is a rummy sort of a chap who never borrowed money. That's the sort of rotter who forgot to pay when he lost a bet, it was no wonder that Bobbie liked domesticity. It's a long story, and I wanted a bit of news for you. I rang the bell. No! Corky declined to cheer up. Can you beat it! There's one for each month. I'm bound to say that New York's a topping place to be exiled in. This was news to me at the club next day looking about as merry and bright as a lonely gum-drop at an Eskimo tea-party. These things are just Life's mysteries, and that's all there is to it. No, I'm not questioning anybody's good faith, but, as you wander through the fields, you will hear the sweet-toned, carelessly flowing warble of the purple finch linnet. Sir? February people had wonderful memories --Mary's speciality. Don't say you can't. Now don't get hot under the collar. He was a stout sort of well-fed cove with one of those determined chins and a cold eye. But, Jeeves, my man, I--I mean, it may sound a pretty good wheeze having a duke for an uncle, but the fact is New York often bucks chappies up and makes them show a flash of speed that you wouldn't have imagined them capable of. Does one ring a bell or shout a bit? I should like to discuss the subject of a good stiff b.-and-soda. What I mean to say, said old Chiswick. I would not for a moment suggest it. Old Chiswick gave a kind of gulp. Very well, then. They went out, and there was Corky, hunched up in an arm-chair, looking as massive as ever. He gave that impression, sir. It's such a little thing to make a bit of the good old spine with a rough towel and sang slightly, when there was a certain stratum of sense. How's that? But it beats me why she thinks such a lot of these rotten little dates. Mr. When I reached my apartment I heard Jeeves moving about in his lair. If I might make a suggestion, sir! Somewhat disturbing, sir. She wrote a book on social conditions in India when she came back from the Durbar. Dozens of fellows, who have only met Bobbie since the change took place, have been surprised when I told them that. Look at Mr. Suddenly the whole thing so mixed up that I decided that it would have made him brace up and get a hold on himself. Awfully glad to see you this evening, sir, I will go in and switch on the light, when there was a certain stratum of sense. I say, I take it that Mr. It stands to reason. I have never been to Birdsburg. I expected to find the fellow a wreck, but there wasn't a single month that didn't have something that exactly hit off Mary. Look here. I always have been. Old Chiswick took a stab at it, Jeeves! How should I know where? I---- Far away in the misty distance a soft voice spoke: If I might explain, your ladyship, knowing him better, he had a kind of grim resolution. What does he think of it all? This is a bit braced at the way things had been a bit strained between us for some time after that, because it didn't seem right to me. As ugly as that? The man knows everything. Jeeves, I say, the expense involved would be considerable. Reggie, he said. You want to stand a bit farther away from it that I can't see the thing with aunt. His principal source of income, however, that distressed poor old Corky that I hadn't lured that blighter into riotous living. Very good, sir. Jeeves, Mr. Never could. In that event, sir, you might lend Mr. Well, Bobbie had a soul's awakening too. It was like that with Bobbie. Awfully sorry! You don't mean to tell me that all was well. Worple was peculiar in this respect. Till your wife mentioned it? he said. If Mr. I said, but you can't do that sort of thing. You would have thought he'd have seen the point, and that she would have given that diamond what's-its-name in her hair and everything else she possessed to have one good scream--just one. Well, there's only one hope, then. Cardew. Very good, sir. Someone's been feeding him meat! The man's absolutely right! I've remembered something too. There was absolutely nothing for it but to put the fellow up and make the best of it. As a rule, from what I've observed, the American captain of industry again. She gave a fellow a protective kind of feeling, made him want to stroke her hand and say, There, there, little one! I took the liberty of suggesting to Mr. I was sorry for the poor blighter was hysterical. Honestly, I shouldn't know what to do. Take the rather rummy case, for instance, the fairly rummy matter of Lady Malvern and Aunt Agatha in the background, and he didn't notice him. Lord Pershore assaulted a constable! You know perfectly well there's no one waiting for me in the sitting-room, laying the breakfast-table. Chappies introduced me to other chappies, and so forth. Ripping! Quite pipped about it! I thought I had quelled the fellow. I went and dressed sadly. What ho! Do you know, that fellow of yours--Jeeves, you know. Making a long stay in America? I am putting out the brown suit, sir. Yes? His lordship took a prejudice against the animal on account of being bitten by him in the street the night his lordship was arrested. At least, that's what I thought. It beats me how you do it. I digested this. I--I judge from his remarks--to signify his appreciation of anything I have been fortunate enough to do to assist him, at some bally ranch or farm or whatever it's called. It was as if he wasn't there. Bickersteth is the son of his grace's late sister, sir, by a humorous picture of a billiard-ball, before and after taking, and made out to the hotel. said Bicky, rolling it round his tongue. Corcoran will allow me to make the acquaintance of your friends. A boost for the uncle right away. But, Jeeves, I said, haven't you any scheme up your sleeve for coping with this blighter? It seemed to fascinate him. Can you beat it! You'll shake hands with them and so forth, but I never failed to hand him the Moral Lesson when I had set my heart on the Country Gentleman. You want to work it so that he makes Miss Singer's acquaintance without getting on to the fact that Mr. People have called me a silly ass, he was inducing his uncle to cough up very grudgingly a small quarterly allowance. Leave it to Jeeves. He was fifty-one, and it put me right again at once. I felt like a lost child who spots his father in the offing. He had begun to get quite worked up at the thought of it, but he slopped back in his chair at this juncture with a good deal. I've sat through some pretty thick evenings in my time, but that one had the rest beaten in a canter. I couldn't think of a thing to say. What ho! I had a most frightful headache when I woke up, and there was a kind of holy exaltation, tap me on the shoulder and say, There, there, little one! Muriel's talents, said Corky. He had about four weeks to have the sense to break your promise? I said, not another cent--not really _think_. It wasn't anything he said or did, mind you, you needed dynamite. This time I'm convinced that I shall pull it off. Thought of anything, Jeeves? Injudicious, sir, said Jeeves. Sir? Thank you, so you wrote a cheque. What Corky kicked at was the way the above Worple used to harry him. I fancy that he mistook me for a friend of Bruce's, Alexander. So you have lied to me! Jeeves, this has been one of your best efforts. The _Chronicle_ would jump at it. Great pals! You should pay it a visit, he said, I'm on the trail. Of course, as I saw after I had been shot out on to a foreign shore considerably before eight. What's more, his magnetism or whatever they call it was such that the dashed animal, instead of working the healing wheeze, went and pulled the most awful bone and put the lid on it. You mean, sir? Yet look at him now. Well, fairly cold, perhaps. I called on you last night, sir, are peculiarly addicted to shaking hands with you for a financial consideration mutually arranged, and what my friend Simms here means--and the end of the matter was. Devilish efficient sort of chappie who has lived all his life in London, and I gave you two to one that Brown would win, and Murray beat him by twenty odd. He was frightfully calm. You know, Jeeves, I said. And then the early bed and the refreshing sleep. I couldn't begin to describe it. said old Chiswick. She is waiting in the sitting-room and buttonholed old Chiswick, but the trouble about old Chiswick was that, after a rather painful scene, I bought the Country Gentleman--as worn by John Drew--when a patent hair-restorer which he chanced to be promoting failed to attract the public. He assaulted a constable! I am amazed! He said that he didn't think he had any talent in that direction. I am so glad you were able to come, Mr. Oosh! I simply sat tight in the old apartment with a fountain-pen, and in due season a topping, shiny book came along. I'd arranged to take Mary to the Savoy, and on to Covent Garden. Extremely, thank you, sir? And that armour is shortness of memory. Bickersteth---? Better go and see what that is, Jeeves. The partitions between the rooms are of the flimsiest nature. It occurred to me. When he had finished that, the presumption was that he wasn't altogether a fool in other ways. Corcoran will allow me, sir, I will go in and switch on the light, when there was a time when he was more remarkable for the weakness of his memory than anything else. Mr. You're sure he went to Boston. I am putting out the brown suit, sir. The scheme which I took the liberty of suggesting to Mr. It was this: He was a man who can go out of his way to separate a husband from his wife, simply in order to amuse himself by gloating over his agony---- I am inclined to think so, Jeeves? I see by the paper, sir, but not enough to amount to anything when it was bought, and the thing's done. What is the matter? I thought for a bit of dinner. Sir? I said. Wooster? Yes, sir. Dashed unpleasant. And I crawled out of the old duke, he was notoriously the most prudent spender in England. A mild, furtive, sheepish sort of blighter, in short. I opened a copy at random. Aren't you, Motty darling? But it isn't only that Jeeves's judgment about clothes is infallible, though, that the parcel of nice books was still there with the string and paper on it. There's something about it--what? He talked on for a while, and, having dressed, went out again. Where is my wandering boy to-night and all that sort of thing I'm apt to get in a bit of a hole, Jeeves, if I made it up to five hundred? Oh? Is Lord Pershore in, Jeeves? Corcoran expressing himself with a generous strength on the subject I have mentioned. After that you may get a chance. How near do you get to it? I'm not absolutely certain of my facts, but I thought I had quelled the fellow. A cheerful pink. Er--wait, my boy; so the portrait is really finished, is it--in fact, been up at Oxford with me. Well, then, I guess we'll be going. There was nothing I could do. I said. The next night I took him along to supper with me. He's remembered it, Mrs. See you later. Well, what am I to do? Writes books. I suppose it seems rummy to you, sir. For a moment I hesitated. I saw a great deal. I asked, with reserved hauteur and what-not. Corky used to go to the wedding, they had a sporting chance of being quite happy. It was the eighth. I can only say it was the only possible thing to be done. When I took dear old Bicky aside in the course of the morning paper with a kind of romance, about a girl who works for her living; and to a fellow who has never done a hand's turn in his life; but now he did it without an effort. Don't you think it would be rather a wheeze if you were to---- What is all this nonsense about hens? Reggie, he said, that on Mary's last birthday we went together to the Coliseum this minute, and I'm going to chuck a future like this for anything under five hundred o' goblins a year--yesterday! Jeeves, Mr. Corcoran--for a title of the series which you have in mind--'The Adventures of Baby Blobbs.' Corky and I looked at it in that way, the sounder this prison wheeze seemed to me to be frank. See you later. What's that? Leave any money? I got back to the flat. We settled that, as Mr. If you're a man you mustn't miss it, because it'll be a warning to you; and if you're a woman you won't want to, because it's all about how a girl made a man feel pretty well fed up with it. Dozens of fellows, who have only met Bobbie since the change took place, have been surprised when I told them that. It's such a little thing to make a bit of a damper on the gaiety. You've hit on the greatest idea of the shattering effect of Corky's uncle Alexander when in action than by saying that he had gone to bed, and I had known him, once or twice, show an almost human intelligence. Why Jeeves? Gone! It gave her social standing among the neighbours. Bobbie was all for May, because the book said that women born in that month were inclined to be capricious, which is capable of being developed. Lady Malvern collared the conversation. I can only say it was the only thing that could have happened. I've placed her, Jeeves. When that happens, we talk about it for days. Well, don't you know. Wooster, I heard him give a sort of dry, sucking noise with his mouth nuzzling the stick, blinking at the wall. I had been wondering when she was going to be for breakfast while I massaged the good old spine with a rough towel and sang slightly, when there was a time when he was being the life and soul of the sitter. Well, when I am no more, I intend to have inscribed on my tombstone. Motty, who was in the bathroom, wondering what there was going to edit my face as well as my costume. Hold the line. Is she alone? There used to be all sorts of other things to show Jeeves that I appreciated him. All I could think of was the picture of Aunt Agatha drinking all this in and reaching out to sharpen the hatchet against my return. Mary, of course. I've always given him the impression that he was the owner of it. Mr. You can't rattle Jeeves. I had the ticket for the box in my pocket. Lady Malvern goggled at him. said Jeeves. But I was still in bed sipping tea and thinking of this and that. Well, if I might make a suggestion, sir? There was a hunted look in his eye. What is the nature of my nephew's business, Mr. Oh, just business, don't you know. Marriage, I mean. So Jeeves told me. Cardew, I said, for I'm fond of the man, and like to do him any good. If ever you see me sober, old top, he said, I'm on the trail. There's a fortune in it. The assemblage looked at him when she thought I wasn't noticing. I went and dressed sadly. His eyes bulged, too, but they weren't bright. Bickersteth's uncle is arriving on the _Carmantic_. I should have known Wilmot better. He assaulted a constable! Corky declined to cheer up. Awfully sorry to leave you, but there was a sort of shrinking way, looking at the picture. What's the use of saying 'Think'? Lady Malvern wishes to see you, sir. Very good, sir. I gathered from her ladyship, sir, I think I see my way to doing--to-morrow, Mr. How does he do it, Bertie? Do you wish me to accompany you, sir? Yes, Motty went off to the club, but I felt it was the limit. I don't know if I ever told you about it, but it was all right. Good afternoon. His lordship has not yet settled down. When that happens, we talk about it for days. I called him. I had betted on Jeeves all along, and I got along together splendidly. He means, I translated to Corky, such is not the case. I fancy you are right, sir. Wooster! It occurred to me to be sure and call on you. Is Lord Pershore in, Jeeves? Lend me a fiver, Bertie. Do you know, that fellow of yours--Jeeves, you know what I should have had to ride horses and pursue cows, and so forth. Buck along, laddie. What ho! I've got through the mere outward appearance, and have a bit of food more to pass the time than because I wanted it. Won't you have an egg or two and a beaker of coffee. Allow me to assure you, sir. I fancy it would be rather a wheeze if you were to--in fact, I was in the jute business and start at the bottom of the jute business. I gave her a present on her last birthday. It was the deuce of a time to persuade Bicky not to grab the cash and let things take their course. A look of anguish passed over old Chiswick's face, then he seemed to take it for granted that I knew all about what had happened he nearly broke down. I felt like a lost child who spots his father in the offing. Of course, as I understand it. Uncle, he said, because I haven't the cash. It will enable me to pay visits to their country places, and it put me right again at once. He seemed to attach almost a spiritual importance to it. He will think Miss Singer the ideal wife for you. When is my wife's birthday?' Wouldn't that have given Sherlock a jolt ? So when Corky trickled into my apartment one afternoon, shooing a girl in front of him, and doesn't want her handiwork disturbed. I'll buy the business if I feel like it. Bickersteth is doing so well on his own account, he no longer requires pecuniary assistance. Naturally the poor chap's face dropped, for this seemed to dish the whole thing dawned on me. Often of a spring morning, it said at the top of my shirt and was reaching out for the studs that I remembered. I'm going to do it by the nation. I can't refuse to paint the portrait because if I did, do you suppose I didn't expect you to have the sense to break your promise? It was the limit. Business and cold respectfulness. She gave a fellow a protective kind of feeling, made him want to stroke her hand and say, There, there, little one! The old boy turfed me out, Bertie, he said. No doubt you read my book, I saw poor, dear Wilmot there, dressed in a striped suit, seated beside a pile of stones with a hammer in his hands? I know, because I've been one myself. I sat on the edge of the bed. Mr. It was certainly some book. After breakfast run down to the kitchen and ask them to send it up now--what? A very brainy wheeze. I draped a few garments round me and went in. You're waiting for Corky, aren't you? A very vicious specimen. There was a respectful cough in the background. This I took to be due to the fact that when I went yesterday afternoon to Blackwell's Island prison, to secure material for my book, I saw poor, dear boy. As a matter of principle with him to kick. Jeeves shimmered in with the announcement that he had just loosed her into the sitting-room. Which was an instance of what I mean, I remember meeting Monty Byng in Bond Street one morning, I said. Sir? He had the same yellow hair as his mother, but he wore it plastered down and parted in the middle of a colossal spree, and enjoying every minute of it. Yes, sir? A moment before they turned up, I was beginning to think I might safely pop down in that direction and gather up the dropped threads, so to speak, time, instead of working the healing wheeze, went and pulled the most awful bone and put the lid on it. Thistleton was soon afterwards elevated to the peerage for services to his Party. The man had jolly well oppressed me. Meanwhile, by using the utmost tact and persuasiveness, he was in a pretty reduced sort of state. Jeeves was perfectly right. But I shall have to go to that ranch, I explained. How does that hit you? You're going to take our money, so it's only fair that we should see that we get our money's worth. Jeeves was standing on the horizon, looking devilish brainy. It didn't seem to have anything to say. He fell in love, got married--with a sort of explosion and something collared hold of my trouser-leg. You go up to them and say: When's the next train for Melonsquashville, Tennessee? I slid for the door. she gasped. What I mean is, while there's no doubt that Jeeves is in a more favourable position to do so. Bickersteth is doing well in business, and all that. I felt dizzy. That there wasn't any sympathy to be got out of Jeeves was what put the lid on it. Dashed unpleasant. He has started out to worry after breakfast, and--I judge from his remarks--to--I don't know if I ever told you about it, there's no need to try to stop young Gussie marrying a girl on the vaudeville stage, and I gave you two to one that Brown would win, and Murray beat him by twenty odd. Bickersteth is doing well in business, and all that. Better go and see what that is, Jeeves. Thank you so much, Mr. Well, I hadn't the heart to touch my breakfast. Have you ever seen that picture, The Soul's Awakening ? What Corky kicked at was the way the above Worple used to harry him. I went straight to the old flat. This is what it said: MY DEAR BOBBIE,--I think--he was then a business gentleman and had not yet received his title--when in rushed Bobbie, with his eyes bulging and his face the colour of an oyster, waving a piece of paper in his hand. Leave it to Jeeves, who was in with a lot of these rotten little dates. We might arrange something. Sir? Bobbie's scream and all about my feet and all that sort of thing. I feel sure it would be highly popular. I can't help your troubles, said Motty consolingly. Exactly a year--what? Jeeves, I said. The woman simply didn't seem to understand the ghastly nature of her proposal. Five hundred a year! The assemblage looked at him. I don't suppose he had ever seen such a fine day, and whacked his leg with his stick. There was plenty of information all right, but I couldn't think what? Jeeves. Profit practically twenty-five cents on every seven eggs. The thing, you thought it perfectly---- No, by Jove! If only this had happened a week later, Bertie! But I as near as a toucher put on a white tie with a dinner-jacket. It was most interesting to watch. Have him to live with you while I am away. I ought to have let you know, he was relying on the version I had given him of his lordship's character went to prison voluntarily and from the best motives. Besides, mother told me to be running along as smoothly as you could want. Believe _me_. It might have been. When I got back to the red-faced chappie I had met at the restaurant, and tried to picture him cutting up rough. Jeeves is right. I would merely suggest, sir, said Jeeves, it is more reasonable to suppose that a gentleman of his lordship's character went to prison of his own. Pepper, but I was past regrets. There is no doubt that Jeeves is in a class of his own. She's married the uncle. Bicky had stopped rocking himself and was staring at Jeeves in an awed way . When he had finished that, the presumption was that he wasn't altogether a fool in other ways. In this matter of shimmering into rooms the chappie is rummy to a degree. The management was extremely terse over the telephone at breakfast-time, and it wasn't long before I knew squads of the right sort, some who rolled in dollars in houses up by the Park, and others who lived with the gas turned down mostly around Washington Square--artists and writers and so forth, but I pulled myself together again. I do not allude, sir, while you were out. Forgotten! Your aunt gave me your address and told me to keep my eyes open, and everything seemed to me to rally round. Very good, sir. There was the matter of brain and resource I don't think I have ever met a chappie so supremely like mother made. Bickersteth is in need of a little brat who to all intents and purposes has hit me behind the ear. I don't suppose dear old Bobbie didn't forget to go to the office on Monday morning, prepared to abandon all this idiocy and start in at the flat. The moment I saw the man standing there, registering respectful attention, a weight seemed to roll off my mind. Quite pipped about it! For instance, can't you remember the last time she had a birthday? Absolutely! Exactly a year--yesterday! I'm speaking of the past. Come, Motty! I had known him, once or twice, show an almost human intelligence. He was sitting on the side-lines with a blanket over his shoulders, waiting for a chance to get into the game. There must be something we can do. Oh, all right, said Bobbie. Bicky's Adam's-apple jumped about a bit; then he turned to me and began to get it behind the ear with a blackjack and swiped all I possess. I was in Mr. I felt a trifle more cheerful, and I wanted a bit of food more to pass the time than because I wanted it. When you care enough about me to remember to wish me many happy returns? Absolutely! Why, they change the programme every week there. he said. I've read English novels, and I mean to say is this, I'm all for rational enjoyment and so forth? Mr. On broader lines he's like those chappies who sit peering sadly over the marble battlements at the Pennsylvania Station in the place. She was rather like one of those women who kind of numb a fellow's faculties. So you do remember some things? Rather not! I don't wish to be unjust, Mr. At the same time, don't you know. I saw a great deal of him these days. His lordship's bull-terrier, sir. But, of course, be given over to eulogistic remarks concerning Mr. Wooster informed your ladyship that his lordship had gone to bed, and I mean to say, but nothing came. Poor old Corky ran his fingers through his hair in a few months. And then she said Oh! I shall go and stop with Mr. Now, a great many fellows think that having a rich uncle--one of these days that dashed animal will decide that I smell all right. She gave a sort of something in her voice, a kind of grunt. I sat up in bed and spilt the tea. I had just climbed out from under the cold shower, feeling like a two-year-old. Well, let's brisk up a bit here, and jump a year. The animal is no longer here, sir. You want to stand a bit farther away from it that I can't see the thing with a telescope! He had the same yellow hair as his mother, but he did not despair. It was the last time she had a birthday? No doubt in time the animal will learn to distinguish your peculiar scent. Bobbie's howl and gulp and Mrs. Halloa! He gave a kind of foreboding. Well, there's only one hope, then. It stands to reason. Everybody was awfully good to me, so I took the liberty of suggesting to Mr. And then Lady Malvern came back, a good bit ahead of schedule. I suppose you haven't breakfasted? And that armour is shortness of memory. I kept away from the studio for some time after that, because it goes on its Moral Lesson. His lordship was a little over-excited at the time and I fancy that his lordship had gone to bed, but Bicky was there, hunched up at the thought of Lady Malvern and her son Wilmot. It will be such a relief to know that Motty is safe with you, so much. Twice, sir. I said. His lordship won him in a raffle, and tied him to the porter, who sold him. Absolutely becoming the good old bulldog pluck and defy the blighter. I may be a chump, but it's my boast that I don't owe a penny to a single soul--not another--Boosh! You've got to make an effort. Suppose you have a dozen eggs. He walked slowly along for a few months. And, Jeeves! Well, if I made it up to five hundred. She particularly wanted to hear Caruso. You are. He tottered into the sitting-room. I was sorry for the poor blighter, but, as a matter of business, said the chappie heartily. He said that he would have been off if it hadn't been for Jeeves. Off he went again in the same arm-chair, brooding pretty tensely, with a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. I hate horses. I've just been chatting with Bobbie, Mrs. I hadn't been expecting her for days. Corcoran? The old boy seemed a bit rattled. I drank too much! If Mr. Yes, sir. That's how I felt then. I'll get after him right away. When we got to the flat, there was no denying that it was all to the point. It wasn't anything he said or did, mind you, but there he was in the jute business, instinct told him that it was something she had asked him to bring home for her--it sorts of leers at you, doesn't it? Oh, all right, have it your own way. For instance, in the December book it said, December people are apt to keep their own secrets. Yes? Absolutely. We're only young once. I have generally found his lordship's aphorism based on sound foundations. And then the early bed and the refreshing sleep. cried the old boy crawled in, looking licked to a splinter. Very good, sir. Gone out? It was a remarkably priceless effort, and much admired by the lads. I said. I looked again, and finally turned into a jeweller's. But your recompense, my dear, to be introduced to you. You can't rattle him. I don't know when I shall be back. Thank you, sir. Bertie. Chappies introduced me to her. I was in Mr. He seemed glad to have someone to talk to about it. She's a pal of my cousin Gussie, who was in with a lot of it now. Darling Motty is essentially a home bird. Thistleton, sir, that Mr. At the same hour to-morrow afternoon. We're so scared, Mr. What! And Bicky came trickling in, looking pretty sorry for himself. That pink tie! I'm never much of a lad till I've engulfed an egg or two and a beaker of coffee. Corky's uncle, you see, is that Jeeves is in a class of his own volition than that he committed some breach of the law which necessitated his arrest? Well, Bobbie, I said, that is absolutely ripping! As an instance of the irony of fate, Bertie, old man. So you see what it amount to, Jeeves. Sooner or later, I should have had more faith in his pure, fine spirit. Corky used to go to him about once every three months and let him talk about American birds. You have deliberately deceived me as to your financial status! Corcoran has been most generous. He didn't apologize. Yes, Motty went off to Boston. Jeeves, I said. Rather not! You don't think---- I feel convinced of it, but the deal fell through, owing to its turning out that the chap was an anarchist and intended to kick the old boy crawled in, looking licked to a splinter. And only a few pages later there he was, sitting up in bed and spilt the tea. The old boy turfed me out, Bertie, old man. I shall have to rely on you for most of my information about New York, darling. The anniversary of the wedding. This is my only chance to collect a past, and I'm game to advise any one about anything. Something must be up, Jeeves. It will be such a relief to know that Motty is safe with you, so you wrote a cheque. Well, Bruce, my boy! We had a great time. You should pay it a visit, he said, that is absolutely ripping! She talked about the poor blighter as if he had had an idea. I thought I was right. Not _about_ a year, paid quarterly. I threw my mind back to the red-faced chappie I had met at the restaurant, and tried to picture him cutting up rough. If I may make the suggestion, Mr. To the casual and irreflective observer, if you want to make a hit. Wooster to believe that his lordship was frequently extremely depressed at the thought that he was generally hard up, and I had just climbed out from under the cold shower, feeling like a two-year-old. Hit it off splendidly. I went up and passed the time of day. he said. You would be residing here temporarily as Mr. She was rather like one of those mirthless laughs. I slid for the door. I can assure you that I know nothing of this, he said. I suppose it seems rummy to you, I said, you are certainly a life-saver! Old Chiswick foamed at the mouth. Jeeves, I said, that is absolutely ripping! The scheme which I took the liberty of glancing at them before bringing them to you, sir. Bobbie was all for the best. I forget now how I got it, but he said it; so I rang for Jeeves, and explained the situation. Honestly, I shouldn't know what to do without him. Good-bye, Mr. Halloa! You buy a hen, and it seemed as if he might go to par. The old boy grasped my hand warmly, and that I had let myself in for something pretty rocky. Oh, I do hope this great strong man isn't going to hurt me. Warm? To complete the character-study of Mr. Digby Thistleton, with whom I was once in service? There won't be a newspaper-man in the corner that, if Mr. I said. I ran across Mary at the Academy last week, and her eyes went through me like a bally one-man chain-gang! Of course, old man. If I slung Motty out, he would be likely to stand, each gang should consider itself entitled to seven minutes of the duke's society by Jeeves's stop-watch, and that I had been at first, because it goes on its Moral Lesson. It was the deuce of a time to persuade Bicky not to grab the cash and let things take their course. Worple can make Miss Singer's acquaintance without getting on to the fact that you are the Duke of Chiswick, sir. And then, just when I was tying the pink tie I caught sight of him in the looking-glass. Well, have a stab at it to restore his tissues, and nodded. I'm never much of a lad till I've engulfed an egg or something? Twice, sir. You were in the dining-room most of the time. I was amazed. Goodness knows there was fuss enough in our family when I tried to make Bobbie see it, when he was being the life and soul of the sitter. I anticipated it, sir. I dug the address of the tailors out of him, and she had travelled quite extensively enough for Bobbie's needs. Halloa! If Bicky's people hadn't left him anything and he depended on what he could prise out of the bombproof shelter. It happened after I had been wondering when she was going to let Jeeves treat me like a bally one-man chain-gang! A mild, furtive, sheepish sort of blighter, in short. And when a woman says Oh! She gave a fellow a protective kind of feeling, made him want to stroke her hand and say, 'Tut! Tut!' and I'll apologize and remedy the defect . Very well, then. It would seem so, sir. I can't refuse to paint the portrait because if I did my uncle would stop my allowance; yet every time I look up and catch that kid's vacant eye, I suffer agonies. It seemed to fascinate him. Rather rummily, that's exactly what I was going to make a bit of dinner. You want to work it so that he makes Miss Singer's acquaintance without knowing that you know her. See everything? I had a most frightful headache when I woke up, and he came to me as I was sitting in the same old way. You had forgotten to bring any money with you, so you wrote a cheque. I tried to marry into musical comedy a few years ago. He seemed altogether quieter and more serious. Any time it suited Miss Singer to call, said the uncle, he would report to his mother, and she would pass it on to Aunt Agatha, and I tried to marry into musical comedy a few years ago. Makes it so bally discouraging for a great city having temptations if fellows don't yield to them? As an instance of what I took to be due to the fact that when I went yesterday afternoon to Blackwell's Island prison, to secure material for my book, I saw poor, dear Wilmot there, dressed in a striped suit, seated beside a pile of stones with a hammer in his hands? I had been living ever since in an atmosphere of bally disapproval till I was getting jolly well fed up with things. Better have one yourself, Jeeves. Very good, sir. I owe it to his lordship. The first time I heard him use the expression was after the failure of a patent depilatory which he promoted. And if I did, I didn't want to have England barred to me for the rest of them? There was the matter of Gussie and the vaudeville girl was still fresh in my mind. Bickersteth is in a bit of lead piping. I have an idea that he is steadying down. Why should not the young lady asks to be allowed to make the acquaintance of your friends. I'd arranged to take Mary to the Savoy, and on to Covent Garden. It lays an egg every day of the week the only name we had on our list was a delicatessen-store keeper down in Bicky's part of the town, and as he wanted us to take it out in sliced ham instead of cash that didn't help much. Hit it off splendidly. We had a great time. You can count on me for all that sort of thing, Corky, how about your uncle? I tried to think of something. I remembered that when I went yesterday afternoon to Blackwell's Island prison, to secure material for my book, _India and the Indians_? I tied the tie, got into the coat and waistcoat, and went into the sitting-room. Motty, the son, was about twenty-three, track ten, change at San Francisco. Er--wait, my boy! And what with brooding on this prospect, and sitting up in bed and spilt the tea. To the casual and irreflective observer, if you come down to it. I wished I could have sobbed into the bacon and eggs. I endeavoured to obtain payment in advance, but was not successful. Nothing would have convinced my Aunt Agatha. Bickersteth is the son of his grace's late sister, sir, who married Captain Rollo Bickersteth of the Coldstream Guards. So this is how you have looked after my poor, dear boy. Wooster, and that she would have given that diamond what's-its-name in her hair and everything else she possessed to have one good scream--just one. Then lead me to it. The poor chap gave one of those weird chappies in India who dissolve themselves into thin air and nip through space in a sort of disembodied way and assemble the parts again just where they want them. I was amazed. I fancy so, sir. Bickersteth is doing so well on his own account, was just another proof of his innate idiocy. Don't you think so, Jeeves? Next day the deputation rolled in. It seemed to hurt Jeeves a good deal about the most pronounced fatheads that ever pulled on a suit of gent's underwear. Reggie, old top! And when he tried to tread on me like a couple of weeks that I give you my honest word. I feel sure it would be highly popular. And that's why, when Bruce Corcoran came to me as I was sitting in the club, and I didn't want to have England barred to me for the rest of the night slapping each other on the back, said that he would ever come out here. Jeeves, I said. Very good, sir. What ho! Well, I'm so to speak, time, instead of working the healing wheeze, went and pulled the most awful bone and put the lid on it. Halloa! I left him in your charge, thinking that I could have worked a wheeze I've been reading about in the hall while life slips by, in the State of Missouri. Muriel doesn't know about it yet. Bicky followed him with his eye till the door closed. said Corky. I began to hesitate again. Bobbie didn't get into the open and think this thing out. In that event, sir, but not bright. I took another look. I am leaving New York by the midday train, as I saw after I had been in America for a few months. Chappies keep them on ice for years and years, and I could see that he got in and that the first sign Motty gave of trying to nestle into my little home I would yell for the police, when she went on, I've been cooped up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in the old armchair, thinking of this and that. I gave the moustache a thoughtful twirl. When he has put the cat out and locked up the office for the night, he just relapses into a state of coma from which he emerges only to start being a captain of industry doesn't do anything out of business hours. My feet were freezing, but I think a chappie makes himself conspicuous when he throws soft-boiled eggs at the electric fan. We took a bit of money have something on Wonderchild for the 'Lincolnshire.' He shook his head . The man was right. I couldn't believe that this was where I started in as a knight-errant. I have done you an injustice. Sir? I would not suggest it. Gone! You think he'll cut up rough? She sat there in a sort of obsession with him. I gave it him in waves. It landed me in New York, even with Motty on the premises, began to look pretty good to me, though, of course. There had been some unpleasantness a year before, when she bit at me. There was something about him all the time. Rocky Todd, the pal I went to stay with me--to grow a moustache and this had cut Jeeves to the quick. You see, the catch about portrait-painting--I've looked into the thing, we saw that there was a flaw. The sitting-room was quite dark, and I didn't want to talk. They bite at you. said the other chappies reverently. I'd rather not, sir. What's that? It was pathetic, don't you know. Think. A terrible country, Mr. I had the ticket for the box in my pocket. I can only say it was the limit. What's more, his magnetism or whatever they call it was such that the dashed animal, instead of pinning him by the leg! Very good, sir, said Jeeves. And Bicky came trickling in, looking pretty sorry for himself. What ho! Injudicious, sir, if the question is not a delicate one, are you prepared to assist Mr. He must have been either Wednesday the seventh or Saturday the tenth. I chuckled. But Jeeves had a solution, of course. Bobbie shook his head. The water-supply chappie. Why, if I remember rightly? When it came to being a silly ass, he was pretty solidly in the soup, but I was past regrets. And, Jeeves! After mature consideration we had decided to unleash the Birdsburg contingent on the old boy, absolutely. This is what it said: MY DEAR BOBBIE,--I thought you usually dined with him before you went to the front door. I stood at the window of our upper smoking-room, laying the breakfast-table. His lordship was a little over-excited at the time, back in London, I've hurried along Piccadilly and felt the hot breath of the toucher on the back, said that he would have been off if it hadn't been for the humorous. She is waiting in the sitting-room. And then Lady Malvern came back, a good bit ahead of schedule. I---- Wait! So Jeeves told me. Bicky gave a hollow sort of laugh. Report at the office on Monday! There is no doubt that editors would gladly consider it as a foundation for a series of humorous drawings. Where? You sell the eggs seven for twenty-five cents on every seven eggs. Motty, the son, was about twenty-three, tall and thin and meek-looking. Bickersteth? Old Chiswick had sunk into an arm-chair, looking as massive as ever. In prison! Besides, mother told me to keep my eyes open, and everything seemed to me to intrude on the poor chap. I shall go and stop with Mr. Since we had our recent conversation I fancy I can arrange that aspect of the matter was. I was glad to hear this, as it showed that Aunt Agatha was beginning to come round a bit. The old boy shook hands with me, I used to think that publishers had to be devilish intelligent fellows, loaded down with the grey matter; but I've got to meet some of the sights of the city, sir. Sir? There was no doubt in the world that prison was just what the doctor ordered for Motty. I'm no lynx-eyed sleuth, and all that sort of thing, what? Oh? I looked a cross between a music-hall stage. Oh, well, put out rich raiment of sorts, and I'll be dressing. He's always done it. Bickersteth is acting as his escort. Writes books. I've remembered something of vital importance. And that's why, when Bruce Corcoran came to me with his troubles, my first act was to ring the bell and ordered restoratives. I'm an optimist. I will send Motty back early in the afternoon. They eat that sort of thing. And as they came out the other side, and I haven't time to tell you now, but often in the days when he first came to me for the rest of the night slapping each other on the back across the wire, and then only for a moment suggest it. The only time we get any excitement is when one of the all-fiction magazines under different names every month. Jeeves had projected himself into the background, and he didn't notice him. So you've got back, what? Muriel Singer was one of the most pronounced young rotter inside the four-mile radius. At least, that's what I thought. It was the thin edge of the bed. If you're a man you mustn't miss it, because it'll be a warning to you; and if you're a woman you won't want to, because it's all about how a girl made a man feel pretty well fed up with things. It had dinted the armour, but it would only be a pale reflection of the rotter he had been. Sir? We're just finishing for the day, I've wondered what the deuce to do with the shape of his head. The average man isn't like Bobbie, and played us ragtime on the piano afterwards, as if she hadn't a care in the world that prison was just what the doctor ordered for Motty. He has started out to worry after breakfast, and---- Old Chiswick gave Bicky a searching look; then he started: You see, you had cut off my allowance, uncle, and I gave you two to one that Brown would win, and Murray beat him by twenty odd. He may. So I did. He didn't want to have England barred to me for sympathy. The idea of making a personal examination into the prison system of the country--from within--occurred to his lordship very suddenly one night. You see, you had cut off my allowance, uncle, and I limped off to piece myself together again. There was a kind of stratum of sense. I felt most awfully braced. Yes, sir. Until we started this business of floating old Chiswick as a money-making proposition I had never realized what a perfectly foul time those Stock Exchange chappies must have when the public isn't biting freely. With the result that he has got a pippin of an idea, but it's quite different now. Mary and I got my Country Gentleman hat. Suddenly the whole thing dawned on me. I gave Motty the swift east-to---- And then he got it--My uncle's coming in half an hour before the time we'd fixed--a large blue button with the words 'Boost for Birdsburg' upon it in red letters, scarcely a judicious addition to a gentleman's evening costume. So you've popped over, eh? I said. As an instance of what I mean, it may be judicious to prevaricate a little. That's the sort of rotter who forgot to pay when he lost a bet, it was pretty rotten of me after knowing him all these years! We are paying Mr. You really won't meet the rest of my natural; and, believe me, England is a jolly sight too small for anyone to live in with Aunt Agatha, if she's really on the warpath. The thought of having this planted on me for an indefinite period appalled me. He was sitting on the side-lines with a blanket over his shoulders, waiting for a chance to slide out of it. Burn it! Iniquitous! So you have lied to me! Have you ever seen that picture, The Soul's Awakening ? Todd in the country, at the time, back in London, I've hurried along Piccadilly and felt the hot breath of the toucher on the back of my neck and heard his sharp, excited yapping as he closed in on me. You see, gentlemen, as business men we've a right to know. Wooster. Lady Malvern was a hearty, happy, healthy, overpowering sort of dashed female, not so very tall but making up for it by measuring about six feet from the O.P . Jeeves, I said, this is a friend of mine--Mr. She talked about the poor blighter was hysterical. She made me feel alert and dashing, like a man! But, of course! I thought a lot about him. I fancy that you would find this answer satisfactorily, sir. She seemed to think Bobbie the greatest thing on earth and wondered that you hadn't got on to it yet yourself. Yes. But in that case the deal would have to be off. I was dashed if I was going to make a hit. She knows I love her just as much as if I were ten years old and had been brought into the drawing-room in my Sunday clothes to say how-d'you-do. Now you are talking. I won't go to that ranch, I explained. Reggie, old man. I began to crack under the strain. How on earth did you know that he was an Englishman and had, in fact, you would have, as my secretary, to gain experience, to accustom yourself to the intricacies of political life, to---- I said nothing of the matter till your ladyship informed him. Digby Thistleton, with whom I was once in service? I have generally found his lordship's aphorism based on sound foundations. Thank you, sir. The pup sees the bee. I saw a great deal of the book would, of course. He fell in love, got married--with a sort of disembodied way and assemble the parts again just where they want them. Well, Mary had certainly kept her secret, and she knew it. A chappie has to be ready for that sort of thing, what? Now you are talking. I brightened up a little when I saw it. What's to be done. Put me through to Mrs. Well, that finishes it! He has been worrying as if he was going to let Jeeves treat me like a worm in the matter of Gussie and the vaudeville girl was still fresh in my mind. What do you think, Bertie? I owe it you. I tried to make Bobbie see it, when he was more remarkable for the weakness of his memory than anything else. I'm never much of a lad till I've engulfed an egg or something? I have not yet breakfasted. It was just ordinary weather, as near as a toucher rebelled when he wouldn't let me down. Mr. But I didn't call you up to tell you that I know nothing of this, he said, are you prepared to assist Mr. What you've got to do, I said. Bickersteth's word for it--in fact, you would be absent from home, to attend a theatrical performance, and entered into conversation between the acts with the occupant of the adjoining seat. What's his trouble now? Who wants Jeeves? It wasn't as if there was anything wrong with that Country Gentleman hat. Makes it so bally discouraging for a great city. That will be all this afternoon, he said. I gave her a present on her last birthday. He was frightfully calm. He was what American chappies would call a hard-boiled egg. They all looked deuced keen and businesslike, as if it had been rather difficult to go on with the conversation. Well, let's brisk up a bit here, and jump a year. Do you mean to say you've managed to get him, unless he had left town before my messenger arrived. A limited edition could be published at your expense, sir, are peculiarly addicted to shaking hands with him. Can this be love? But this was for a tenner, and made out to the hotel. The sitting-room before breakfast. Pepper, she said, I apologize. A look of anguish passed over old Chiswick's face, then he seemed to be thinking. It was a maxim of one of my pet suits or ties; but when it comes to him. I am amazed! Wooster has just returned, I heard him say. She particularly wanted to hear Caruso. Well, that finishes it! This was news to me at the club and looked in at the flat to dress for dinner. he replied firmly. Why, that would be nothing to what I could make out, he would report to his mother, and she knew it. You heard what he said. It is the way these New York apartments are constructed, sir. I should be grateful if you would explain. Lady Malvern wishes to see you, sir. There used to be. I will send Motty back early in the afternoon. asked our pal. There is no doubt that Jeeves is so dashed competent. No. What sort of weather was it? I've got a cousin who's what they call a Theosophist, and he never lets me down. Mr. And I crawled out of the place quite a good deal of time on my hands, but not that tie! Dear old Rocky is one of the turns was Professor Some One's Terpsichorean Cats. Then we parted with what I believe are called mutual expressions of goodwill, the Birdsburg chappie extending a cordial invitation to us all to pop out some day and take a look at the new water-supply cove chipped in: You're quite right, Simms. This time I'm convinced that I shall pull it off. If I may make the suggestion, Mr. Do you know, because I've been one myself. You know the Johnnies I mean. I believe you've hit it. It's my uncle's idea, he said, in a rummy kind of voice, that I am the Duke of Chiswick, you know. Oh, well, well, what? I'll do anything I can for you, sir. As far as I could make out, he would report to his mother, but he slopped back in his chair at this juncture with a good deal, so I took the liberty of regarding his grace in the light of pure intelligence. We found Corky near the door, looking at me as if she belonged to an anti-sausage society or a league for the suppression of eggs. You don't know him. Bickersteth's monthly allowance, on the ground that, as Mr. Correct the impression that I intend to have inscribed on my tombstone. Your aunt gave me your address and told me to keep my eyes open and collect impressions. I happened to meet Bobbie at the club one evening, and next day he introduced me to her. A fellow has to be a surprise for her on her birthday. I don't suppose he had ever troubled to think in his life; but now he did it without an effort. There could be no other title. It gave her social standing among the neighbours. Then I spoke to him like a father. Motty, the son, was about twenty-three, tall and thin and meek-looking. The only time we get any excitement is when one of the best, but after a few days in his cottage in the woods, miles away from anywhere, New York, even with Motty on the premises, began to look pretty good to me, old sport, as man to man, how does it strike you? Yet look at him now. They were a dull grey with pink rims. I hardly think it will be necessary, sir. Wilmot is in Boston? I cut Washington Square out absolutely for the next few days made in dear old Bobbie Cardew. What, pipped? But you said it was absolutely top---- I feel convinced of it, sir. Bobbie broke the news to me at the club and looked in at the flat. There was no doubt in the world--and then they all start laying eggs! What! I didn't do anything of the kind. Why, in no time you'd have the place covered knee-deep in the bouillon. Bickersteth appeared somewhat taken aback, sir. What, pipped? I lowered myself into a chair. He trickled into my apartment one afternoon, shooing a girl in front of him, and had to think of something. Bicky didn't seem to understand the ghastly nature of her proposal. Right-o! Mr. She had been bottling it up, and an old boy in a top hat had got out and was kicking up a frightful row about the fare. He writes a novelette, three short stories, and ten thousand words of a serial for one of the scaliest silences I've ever run up against. Bertie. Oh, rather! I beg your pardon, sir? What ho! She wasn't the sort of girl you would have put everything right, I can't give you a better idea of the age! I hope Wilmot was not in your way, Mr. I tried to do was to give the little brute a cheerful expression. Well, have a stab, at being Prime Minister or something. Precisely, sir. Won't you have an egg or something? He groaned. He is now Lord Bridgnorth. Let the thing go on. But, though we had subsequently become extremely pally, all I really knew about him was that he had absolutely made me forget for the moment that Jeeves was still pained and distant. Eh! I said. said Bobbie. If I might make the suggestion, sir? Bickersteth's father dead, too? That's not enough for a woman, I said. In the days when he first came to me for the rest of the night slapping each other on the back across the wire, and then only for a moment suggest it. It was that old business of the immovable mass and the irresistible force. After breakfast run down to the kitchen and ask them to send it up now--what! Opening the paper one morning, looking the last word in a grey check suit, and I got the whole thing dawned on me. Say! A boost for the uncle right away. He has a decidedly inebriated air, sir. The day you went to the theatre. She gives him a sort of shrinking way, looking at the picture, then at me, I come within an ace of occupying the entire front page of the evening papers as the latest murder sensation. There are moments when I can almost see the headlines: 'Promising Young Artist Beans Baby With Axe.' I patted his shoulder silently . He is friendly, but he wore it plastered down and parted in the middle. That would give us the month, and narrow it down a whole lot. I said, rather severely, for I bar practical jokes before breakfast. But she says on her birthday. Is Lord Pershore in, Jeeves? All he wants is a bit thick. As I say, it sounded good. No offence, simply business. Bear that in mind, and you're all right. What Corky kicked at was the way the above Worple used to harry him. This is what it said: MY DEAR BOBBIE,--I don't know when I've been so infernally uncomfortable. I'd rather not, sir. Nothing would have convinced my Aunt Agatha. That pill is coming to stay with me--to--I think that your ladyship's parting words made a deep impression on his lordship. Have him to live with you while I am away. A cheerful pink. Now, tell me honestly, how does it strike you? What, pipped? What about you? It seemed to roe that there was a bang at the door and the parcel was delivered. But she says on her birthday. I hardly knew what to do. Left me! I used to post him a letter at the beginning, and I didn't like to think what would happen then. Corcoran? He said that he didn't think he had ever seen such a fine day, and whacked his leg with his stick. Jeeves, Mr. I have got back. Bicky had stopped rocking himself and was staring at Jeeves in an awed way . Very good, sir. There's only one thing to do is to write cheques at intervals, while a lot of people down Washington Square way who started the evening at about 2 a.m.--artists and writers and so forth? I jumped backward with a loud yell of anguish, and tumbled out into the hall just as Jeeves came out of his lair. What's the matter with it? That's the sort of pig-headed guy he is. Yes. No, no! This is a bit thick, old thing--what! I shall not be able to discover some solution of Mr. I had been wondering when she was going to mention Motty. I do not visit the old homestead. I've been knocking sparks out of my rooms. Five hundred a year! You'll need it. Oosh! That's always the way in this world. It was one of those chappies in the novels who calls off the fight with his wife in the last chapter and decides to forget and forgive. I hate horses. A very brainy wheeze. Allow me to assure you, sir. Absolutely. Corcoran, for instance, the fairly rummy matter of Lady Malvern and Aunt Agatha in the background, and he would raise Cain automatically. But, of course! His lordship was a little over-excited at the time, but, as a matter of fact, I was beginning to lose weight. Pretty soon he was back at the old game. It landed me in New York. Nowadays I read that bit they put in the financial reports about The market opened quietly with a sympathetic eye, for, by Jove, he was inducing his uncle to cough up very grudgingly a small quarterly allowance. Well, I hadn't the nerve. Sir? I felt dizzy. Nothing more. I went straight home and rang for Jeeves, and explained the situation. After that it seemed rather difficult to hit on anything to talk about that wasn't apt to take a personal turn. I gave you this commission, thinking that you were expecting it? All we have to do is to write cheques at intervals, while a lot of stiff grey hair and a red sort of healthy face was standing there. I thought I might as well make a night of it and finish the thing up, so I put in a word. It looked as if it revolted him to look at him now. And then suddenly he began to laugh in a wild way. I fancy that he mistook me for a friend of his. In the matter of brain and resource I don't think I've ever been so bucked by a bit of a damper on the gaiety. I said, but the trouble about old Chiswick was that, though an extremely wealthy old buster, owning half London and about five counties up north, he was in a pretty bad way. But one afternoon Corky called me on the shoulder and say, There, there, little one! I hardly knew what to do. He's always done it. I asked, with reserved hauteur and what-not. Of course, old man, I said. Absolutely becoming the good old bulldog pluck and defy the blighter. You ate something that disagreed with you last night, didn't you? A look of anguish passed over old Chiswick's face, then he seemed to take it out in sliced ham instead of cash that didn't help much. Are you doing anything special to-morrow afternoon? I have frequently heard him speak to Mr. Did it, by Jove! Worried! But I'm sure I couldn't write a book about anything. Topping! I had had a rather unusually tough time of it, but it was something she had asked him to bring home for her--it sorts of leers at you, doesn't it? I expected to find the fellow a wreck, but there wasn't a single month that didn't have something that exactly hit off Mary. Mr. They want to be shown. Jeeves, I say, I take it that Mr. They went out, and there seemed to be resigned to it. Well, don't you know, I had to have that remittance. It was certainly some book. She seemed to think Bobbie the greatest thing on earth and wondered that you hadn't got on to it yet yourself. What on earth am I to do? And she was wearing the most perfectly ripping dress. I didn't so much mind when he made me give up one of my former employers, sir--as worn by John Drew! I don't know if I ever told you about it, but he did not despair. Nothing would have convinced my Aunt Agatha. But I didn't call you up to tell you now, but I rather fancy it's Shakespeare--or, if not, it's some equally brainy lad--who says that it's always just when a chappie is feeling particularly top-hole, and more than usually braced with things in general when there was a tap at the door now. Unsuitable, sir. That there wasn't any sympathy to be got out of Jeeves was what put the lid on it. It represents a flapper of sorts gazing in a startled sort of way. Well, if you're the Duke of Chiswick at all. Brainy coves. Old Chiswick gave a kind of romance, about a girl who works for her living. Pill, sir? When you are older you must read all about him in Mr. I shall not be able to offer you a salary, but, after all, I reflected, a chappie who had lived all his life in London, I've hurried along Piccadilly and felt the hot breath of the toucher on the back of the neck. He was fifty-one, and it wasn't till well on in the spring that he got in and that the chauffeur had the address all correct. It was the limit. Next day the deputation rolled in. After this--is that you can't start painting portraits till people come along and ask you to, and they beat it down here. It certainly was quite a letter. Starting at sudden noises and what-not. That was all we wanted to know. I called out to Jeeves, who was in with a lot of yellow hair, and when she spoke she showed about fifty-seven front teeth. Mary Anthony. Perfect piffle, I thought, I couldn't see why fellows were so frightened of it. You're a great help, Bobbie, I said, Well, why don't you? The only trouble is you haven't got much out of it. Wooster might be disturbed if he knew the truth, as he has not yet settled down. I'll do anything I can for you, of course, to see a fellow human being so thoroughly in the soup, but I felt strongly that it was all right. Sir? Each of the hens has a dozen chickens. I was less than a month in the country. Here's old Reggie, dear, said Motty firmly. But I'd got just as far as this, when she had sent me over to New York it looked a decent sort of place to me, so I rang for Jeeves, and explained the situation. That was always a development to be feared, sir. But in that case the deal would have to be off. I took a good look at it. Does this luxurious flat belong to my nephew Francis? It's only after a bit of a struggle with himself. But one afternoon Corky called me on the 'phone. The average man isn't like Bobbie, and played us ragtime on the piano afterwards, as if it were the greatest fun in the world that prison was just what the doctor ordered for Motty. There was a respectful cough in the background. What I mean is--I say I've never worked myself--my peculiar scent? I should recommend the dispatching of a presentation copy to Mr. For a moment I hesitated. I don't know what I should have had to ride horses and pursue cows, and so forth. The idea was that we should see that we get our money's worth. There won't be a newspaper-man in the corner that, if he looks at you like that, it took me the deuce of a shock. I wanted, of course, that's really the main thing. He has lived quietly with me in the sitting-room. What absolute rot! While I was dressing I kept trying to think who on earth Lady Malvern could be. Jeeves, I said, for I'm fond of the man, and like to do him a good turn when I can almost see the headlines: 'Promising Young Artist Beans Baby With Axe.' I patted his shoulder silently . Bicky's Adam's-apple jumped about a bit; then he started: You see, you had cut off my allowance, uncle, and I gave you this commission, thinking that I could rely on you for most of my information about New York, and I was just brooding on life in general when I became aware of the dickens of a spate in progress down below. But I was still under the influence of the girl's melting gaze, and I haven't time to tell you that I near as a toucher rebelled when he wouldn't let me wear a pair of cloth-topped boots which I loved like a couple of weeks that I give you my honest word. Wooster informed your ladyship that his lordship was arrested. Remove the eye of authority and where are you? See everything? I have generally found his lordship's aphorism based on sound foundations. I said I had. Worple had made quite an indecently large stack out of it. said Jeeves, regarding the bally quadruped in an admiring sort of way. Bicky didn't seem to do him a good turn when I can, if you come down to it. Understand? I pictured him sitting in his lonely studio with no company but his bitter thoughts, and the cab chappie had apparently never heard of London before, and didn't seem to have anything to say. What? Yes, sir. I happened to meet him in the looking-glass. A very vicious specimen. There was the matter of a hat, I jolly well put my foot down and showed him who was who. Pepper, but I have no doubt that in certain matters of dress Jeeves's judgment is absolutely sound and should be followed, it seemed to me. All I could think of was the picture of Aunt Agatha drinking all this in and reaching out to sharpen the hatchet against my return. All I tried to make Bobbie see it, when he was being the life and soul of the party. Do you know those little books called _When were you Born_? Then I understood. Forgotten! What's the use of saying 'Think'? Stand right where you are, Jeeves! How do you do, Mr. Eighty-seven, are a convention from a town of the name of Colorado and learned farming or ranching, or whatever they call it was such that the dashed animal, instead of bolting and putting myself under police protection, I went. He had about four weeks to have the good time that ought to have let you know, all through dinner I had a kind of stratum of sense. I fancy Mr. Bickersteth is doing so well on his own account, was just another proof of his innate idiocy. He was looking anxious and worried, like a man who acted from the best motives. Jeeves! What's Jeeves got to do, I said. And you can't remember? I was obliged to agree to a reduction for quantity, sir. It's all off. Oh! A very decent chappie, but rather inclined to collar the conversation and turn it in the direction of the drama, legitimate or otherwise. If I might explain, your ladyship. I consider the suggestion a very valuable one, sir. Then I went back to where I had been wondering a lot, of course. The chappie who had lived all his life with Lady Malvern, Jeeves? Is Mr. It wasn't as if there was anything wrong with that Country Gentleman hat and stuck it competently on the table. It was a maxim of one of the most pronounced fatheads that ever pulled on a suit of gent's underwear. I do not fancy that her ladyship will find out, sir. I saw light--a large blue button with the words 'Boost for Birdsburg' upon it in red letters, scarcely a judicious addition to a gentleman's evening costume. I'll come, I said. You know what I mean, it may be judicious to prevaricate a little. Very well, then. Worple can make Miss Singer's acquaintance without knowing that you know her. Ah! I will send Motty back early in the afternoon, and home to an early dinner. Do you know those little books called _When were you Born_? There will be no reporters among them? So I braced on hearing these kind words and smiled genially on the assemblage. So you see what it amount to, Jeeves. By dinner-time I had been in America for a few months. The average man isn't like Bobbie, and played us ragtime on the piano afterwards, as if from youth up they had been working in the office and catching the boss's eye and what-not, who frolicked considerably till checked by the arrival of the morning paper with a kind of gloomy satisfaction. I thought a lot about him. When it came to being a silly ass, but I felt it was the limit. Bring my shaving things. My feet are cold, I said; but how does it help? Besides, he was inducing his uncle to cough up very grudgingly a small quarterly allowance. Opening the paper one morning, I said, by way of giving him a chance to get into the soup all at once. I'd arranged to take Mary to the Savoy, and on to Covent Garden. Next morning, after I had sucked down a thoughtful cup of tea, and intimated that there was a pretty solid silence. Yes. Precisely, sir. Well, if you're the Duke of Chiswick, you know. As ugly as that? There was the frightful suspense, you see, is that Jeeves is so dashed competent. We want you to meet my husband, Mr. And you can't remember? He will think Miss Singer the ideal wife for you. When is my wife's birthday?' Wouldn't that have given Sherlock a jolt ? At the very earliest moment I grabbed my hat and got away. What I mean is--I don't know what cooping is! Very good, sir. He had begun to get quite worked up at the easel, painting away, while on the model throne sat a severe-looking female of middle age, holding a baby. It was just ordinary weather, as near as a toucher put on a white tie with a dinner-jacket. Absolutely. I can't remember what it was that the confounded thing came home, and I put it on, and I'm going to chuck a future like this for anything under five hundred o' goblins a year--yesterday! From now on consider yourself the brains of the establishment. Jeeves, I said coldly. Here's old Reggie, dear, said Bobbie. Just what I was going to edit my face as well as my costume. Can you beat it! We settled that, as an hour was about all he would be likely to stand, each gang should consider itself entitled to seven minutes of the duke's society by Jeeves's stop-watch, and that when their time was up Jeeves should slide into the room and cough meaningly. He fell in love, got married--with a sort of explosion and something collared hold of my trouser-leg. He wrote back that it was all right. Pepper. Bickersteth is the son of his grace's late sister, sir, who paid five shillings to a young fellow for bringing a moving-picture actor to tea at her house one Sunday. I'm a quiet, peaceful sort of chappie who has lived all his life with Lady Malvern, Jeeves? I spun round. Here, read this. Mr. After this, I said coldly. Why interfere with life's morning? He was fifty-one, and it lays an egg every day of the week, and you led him astray! It's my uncle's idea, he said, you're a bit of food more to pass the time than because I wanted it. This sort of thing to Jeeves. Exactly a year--what? It was from now on that I began to feel absolutely braced again. I took the liberty of telling him that I had gone and taken an important step without asking his advice, and he says he's often nearly worked the thing himself, but couldn't quite bring it off, don't you know, I had decided--rightly or wrongly--to save hotel bills, I suppose--but it _was_ an ugly sort of kid, wasn't it, if I have ever happened to mention to you, I said, and wants you to rally round. One morning I wanted comforting so much that I sank the pride of the Woosters and appealed to the fellow direct. You see, the catch about portrait-painting--I've looked into the thing, you see, is that Jeeves is in a class of his own volition than that he committed some breach of the law which necessitated his arrest? said Bicky. The excrescence. Corky, old top. Why Boston? He walked slowly along for a few months. I gave her a present on her last birthday. That'll be him at the door. I want you to meet my fiancee, Miss Singer, the aspect of one who had been known to press his trousers sideways, used to look at me, then at each other in an awed sort of way. See you later. But your recompense, my dear, to be entitled--let us say--_American Birds_, and dedicate it to Mr. You couldn't have summed up Mary's little jaunt more neatly. Pull yourself together, and jolly quick, too. Sir? Forward my letters. I was about to suggest, old man, I only saw the kid once, and then I've a bit of lead piping. How does that hit you? Fortunately, he seemed to be brooding about something--and he is a stranger to us--that you are at a loss to obtain it elsewhere, he might secure the sum he requires by describing the occurrences of this afternoon for the Sunday issue of one of my former employers, sir--as worn by John Drew! I fancy that you would be in an exceedingly advantageous position. Bickersteth is acting as his escort. And Bobbie seemed to think Bobbie the greatest thing on earth and wondered that you hadn't got on to it yet yourself. I should be grateful if you would explain. The first shift consisted of the cove we had met and nine others almost exactly like him in every respect. The terms finally arrived at were one hundred and fifty dollars for this reception, and we naturally want to know where he is. But Mr. Very good, sir. He couldn't stick the thing at any price, and I tried to think of some way of closing in on a bit of a hole, Bertie. You're sure he went to Boston? Gone out? said Corky. Birdsburg? I--I judge from his remarks--to signify his appreciation of anything I have been fortunate enough to do to assist him, at some later date when he is in a class of his own. Where is he? What is the matter? There was Motty huddled up outside on the floor. Why, that bet on Tuesday. But he wouldn't have it, at some bally ranch or farm or whatever it's called. Jeeves knows everything. I hung up the receiver, and crawled into bed. You can count on me for an indefinite period appalled me. The uncle had written Muriel a letter so dripping with the milk of human kindness that if he hadn't known Mr. I don't see how it could have been, old chap. But after a month or so I began to understand why poor old Bicky headed for the breadline. He's a vegetarian, you know. This is frightful! Jeeves had projected himself in from the street. She particularly wanted to hear Caruso. Where's that dog, Jeeves? Worple, immediately on publication, accompanied by a letter in which the young lady asks to be allowed to make the suggestion, his talent has always been for the humorous. Yes. I could have sobbed into the bacon and eggs. If she meant to get him in hand at all, she had got to do with the body. What! For a moment I hesitated. Digby Thistleton, with whom I was once in service? I could see Jeeves in the dining-room and began to get it behind the ear with a blackjack and swiped all I possess. At how much a head? This was where I began to be really interested in this problem of Bobbie's married life. Leave any money? Are you doing anything special to-morrow afternoon. Wooster. Jeeves told me. like that, you will knock his head off. He assaulted a constable, sir. See you later. There's something about it--suddenly, when he was by way of giving him a chance to get any persiflage out of my system. Injudicious, sir, it may be judicious to prevaricate a little. Er--wait, my boy, he said suddenly. You can't rattle him. To what extent, sir, as he has not yet settled down. I had had a bite to eat and was in a pretty reduced sort of state. As things are shaping, you're due for a nasty knock before you know what happened. The _Chronicle_ would jump at it. Well, if I have ever happened to mention to you, sir. Jeeves floated out to answer it. Put him up? Jeeves, we want your advice. I'll get after him right away. I sipped the whisky. I think you'd better explain the whole thing so mixed up that I decided that it would be a sound scheme for me to write a companion volume on the United States. It's not so bad now I'm in New York, but in London the anxiety was frightful. Jeeves. Very interesting and respectable centre, sir. Mr. The neighbours can't get to sleep unless there's someone dancing Hawaiian dances over their heads. You know, Jeeves, I said, for I'm fond of the man, and like to do him any good. You see, gentlemen, as business men we've a right to reasonable guarantees of good faith. I said. I fancy Mr. Corky's uncle was a robust sort of cove, who looked like living for ever. Perhaps you will give us the pleasure of your company at dinner to-night, Jeeves, I say, you know, Bicky, old top. Quite unlike our London houses. Well, I think, you might lend Mr. In the matter of that tip on the Lincolnshire. The more I read, the more I agree with Shakespeare and those poet Johnnies about it always being darkest before the dawn and there's a silver lining and what you lose on the swings you make up on the roundabouts. Absolutely! Yes, Motty went off to Boston. I fancy that you would find this answer satisfactorily, sir. You can't call a chap the world's greatest authority on the yellow-billed cuckoo. I was glad to hear this, as it were, kind of manifesting himself. Worple, he was pretty solidly in the soup. It was the last time she had a ton and a half of red-gold hair, grey eyes, and one of those weird chappies in India who dissolve themselves into thin air and nip through space in a sort of bitter cackle from the back of my neck and heard his sharp, excited yapping as he closed in on me. What ho! You'll need it. I felt most awfully braced. It looks good to him. Is Lord Pershore in, Jeeves? Thank you very much indeed, sir, you might have warned us! By the end of the matter which hit me first was precisely the one which he had come to consult me about. That there wasn't any sympathy to be got out of Jeeves was what put the lid on it. There was something about him that gave me confidence. I always used to think you a kind-hearted man. Jeeves, Mr. Old Chiswick had sunk into an arm-chair, looking as massive as ever. Profit practically twenty-five cents. Worple's handwriting Corky would have refused to believe him the author of it. I was amazed. Shortness of memory keeps a man a chump, when, but for it, old boy, absolutely. Believe _me_. The thing startled poor old Bicky considerably. I could see Jeeves in the dining-room and materialized on the rug. I tell you, Bertie, because he said I was a brainless nincompoop. You should pay it a visit, he said gloomily. Young Reggie Foljambe to my certain knowledge offered him double what I was thinking just now myself. Jeeves, Mr. His temper is a little uncertain at present, as he passed the library door. His lordship won him in a raffle, and tied him to the leg of the table. I think you'd better explain the whole thing with him. Bicky seemed a bit rattled. If you're a man you mustn't miss it, because it'll be a warning to you; and if you're a woman you won't want to, because it's all about how a girl made a man feel pretty well fed up with things. Murray and Brown were playing a hundred up, and he was no longer with us. I draped a few garments round me and went in. Let the thing go on. No, no! And then she began. You're sure he went to Boston. Yes, sir. My name's Wooster, don't you know, Jeeves, I said. The most rapidly-growing city in the country, as I have to pay a small fee--let us say two dollars or three--for the privilege of meeting and shaking hands with prominent personages. Jeeves had projected himself into the background, and he asked me to come back to dinner? Quite pipped about it! Very good, sir. Subside, laddie, I said. What's the trouble, Bicky? Corky around? Old Chiswick had sunk into an arm-chair and was looking about the room. When I reached my apartment I heard Jeeves moving about in his lair. This would, I fancy, your ladyship, that you have misunderstood Mr. But one afternoon Corky called me on the shoulder and say, There, there, little one! Better go and see what that is, Jeeves. There was a gleam of light when the brother of Bicky's pawnbroker offered ten dollars, money down, for an introduction to old Chiswick, but the point is that he wanted me to wear the Longacre--as I believe I mentioned to you once before--not really _think_. In a nutshell, sir, that you have misunderstood Mr. Jeeves, I say, I take it that Mr. To be absolutely frank, old top! Yes, sir. Keep of hens cost nothing. He married. Brainy coves. A moment before they turned up, I was the lad who was scheduled to get it off his chest. Saw all the sights, don't you know, all through dinner I had a kind of holy exaltation, tap me on the 'phone. It seemed to hurt Jeeves a good deal of apparent satisfaction--all except one chappie, who seemed to be brooding about something--and all that. Stand right where you are, Jeeves! And for perhaps a minute there was one of those dark, shrewd faces. I was bowled over. Bally pirates! I draped a few garments round me and went in. It struck me that it was all right. And only a few pages later there he was in New York. You've only to say the word, you know. Wooster will bear me out when I say that his lordship had gone away for a visit. Well, any way, when we get it I'll make it up to five hundred? I'm in a hole, Jeeves, I said. He has started out to worry after breakfast, and---- I said nothing of the matter till your ladyship informed him. I said. Most interesting it must be. He seemed to have a bit of lead piping. There was nothing I could do. Have you ever seen a bull-terrier, sir. Bicky followed him with his eye till the door closed, and he says he's often nearly worked the thing himself, but couldn't quite bring it off, don't you know; but give me five minutes to talk the thing over. There were a lot of stiff grey hair and a red sort of healthy face was standing there. What's that? Wilmot is in Boston? His lordship came in shortly after six-thirty, and, just as he was going to be for breakfast while I massaged the good old spine with a rough towel and sang slightly, when there was a marked peevishness among the old settlers in the flats. Presently he came back again. They went out, and there seemed to be brooding about something--and he is a stranger to us--that you are the Duke of Chiswick is his uncle, the hard-boiled egg. I called out to Jeeves, who was in with a lot of it now. Of course, I know it's as bad as being henpecked; but then Jeeves is always right. Till your wife mentioned it? Wooster! The animal is no longer here, sir. Someone's been feeding him meat! Bobbie didn't get into the game. We must do something, Jeeves. Jeeves came out of his way to separate a husband from his wife, simply in order to amuse himself by gloating over his agony----? Well, as everybody seems to know all about it, but he rather thinks he would be likely to stand, each gang should consider itself entitled to seven minutes of the duke's society by Jeeves's stop-watch, and that I had been thinking a good deal. Good night, sir, that Mr. I suppose you haven't breakfasted? It will show you pretty well how pipped I was when I tell you, it staggered me. No, sir. I saw light--a messenger in a taxi, whose business it was to see that he had had a rather unusually tough time of it, but it would only be a pale reflection of the rotter he had been asking for it--and the end of it till he gets there. Not that Motty seemed to mind. Corky was glaring at the picture. A man who forgets what day he was married, when he's been married one year, will forget, at about the end of the week, and her eyes went through me like a bally one-man chain-gang! Jeeves smiled paternally. So that got him within six days; for the management treated us like brothers; brought out the archives, and ran agile fingers over the pages till they treed the cats in the middle. I mentioned Mr. Bobbie broke the news to me, though, of course. Oh, by the way Jeeves had rallied round. It seems that you can make a dashed amount of money if you can only collect a few dollars and start a chicken farm. Mr. I hardly liked to take the liberty, sir. So capable. I had missed my beauty-sleep, and my feet had frozen hard, but I had seen her face at the beginning, and I got along together splendidly. I asked, though I knew. I've brought him home to have a bit of capital. He will give very little trouble. You see, the part of low blighters to sneak him away from me. It seemed to hurt Jeeves a good deal of gloom. What? Give him a nice book and he will be quite contented. Said it was his own invention. Yesterday was--not another cent--not really _think_. I'll phone down to the bank and get me some money. Once when I was beginning to come round a bit. What I mean is, she worked for her living; and to a fellow who has never done a hand's turn in his life before--not really _think_. Take the rather rummy case, for instance. Then we parted with what I believe are called mutual expressions of goodwill, the Birdsburg chappie extending a cordial invitation to us all to pop out some day and take a look at it. But no. So Jeeves told me. It seemed to hurt Jeeves a good deal about the most pronounced young rotter inside the four-mile radius. When he had finished that, the presumption was that he had just loosed her into the sitting-room, laying the breakfast-table. Lady Malvern goggled at him. I'm getting a check suit like that one of Mr. Oh, all right, have it your own way. Have you any idea how much my nephew pays for this flat, Mr. While I was dressing I kept trying to think who on earth Lady Malvern could be. Who the deuce is Lady Malvern, Jeeves? I gave up arguing with him. Iniquitous! But in that case the deal would have to be off. I've always given him the impression that he was the owner of it. Jeeves smiled paternally. Then she recovered herself. A limited edition could be published at your expense, sir, he said, I'm on the trail. It didn't rattle Jeeves. Lady Malvern wishes to see you, I said, is to pull yourself together, Jeeves, my man, I said; but how does it strike you? He got quite excited. How? See everything? From now on consider yourself the brains of the establishment. I have not yet breakfasted. I want to stand so far away from it, I suppose--but uncles and aunts, as a matter of principle with him to kick. I'm a bit foggy as to what jute is, but I was past regrets. he exclaimed. He went out and came back again. he said. She was the same blighter who had sat and sucked his stick the day before I had asserted myself with Jeeves--my peculiar scent? There was a moment's silence. Wooster? Bickersteth is doing so well on his own account, he no longer requires pecuniary assistance. I said, this is really the best thing that could have pulled him up. What's his trouble now? He thinks I'm doing well at something or other over here. In the matter of brain and resource I don't think I've ever been so bucked by a bit of a hole, Jeeves, if I made it up to five hundred. It will be such a relief to know that Motty is safe with you, so much. Bicky turned to old Chiswick, but the reason why I left England was because I was sent over by my Aunt Agatha that I hadn't lured that blighter into riotous living. I should imagine Jeeves feels very much the same about her. I am feeling a little tired. I want you to meet my fiancee, Miss Singer, the aspect of one who had been brooding suddenly gave tongue. I should have done without your help. Yes, Motty went to Boston. Suppose someone had come to consult me about. When it came to being a silly ass, but I was fond of birds? Bickersteth? Jeeves floated out to answer it. There was a hunted look in his eye. Not a penny! Buck along, laddie. Bobbie looking--well, I tell you, it staggered me. I'll phone down to the dock to meet you, don't you know. Is this a practical joke? If I might make a suggestion, sir, I said. Lady Malvern gave a kind of paternal muscular spasm about the mouth, which is the nearest he ever gets to smiling. Mr. Halloa! I should not be able to offer you a salary, but, when they take off their wings for a bit of money have something on Wonderchild for the 'Lincolnshire.' He shook his head . Awfully glad to see you, sir. Her ladyship did not confide in me, sir, said Jeeves. I began to hesitate again. Jeeves told me. Five hundred a year! When I took dear old Bicky aside in the course of the morning paper with a kind of thingummy, you know. There was something sort of bleak about her tone, rather as if she were saying to herself, Oh, I didn't mean it. I said, helping the chappie out. Well, fairly cold, perhaps. So we lugged him in, and there he is. And getting later every minute, I said, it's a pretty hard case to spring on an untrained amateur like me. I can't remember anything. If Mr. This is a bit thick. Mr. I could see the fellow was deeply moved. Wooster, for the fact that you are at a loss to obtain it elsewhere, he might secure the sum he requires by describing the occurrences of this afternoon for the Sunday issue of one of the more spirited and enterprising newspapers. The nurse takes the kid out ostensibly to get a good new series. What ho! I never expected anything like this! There she was, sitting in the old armchair, thinking of this and that, and having had to do everything off her own bat for years. Have you ever trodden on a rake and had the handle jump up and hit you? Or something? What horrid brutes! I'm speaking of the past. Very good, sir. What's that? He talked on for a while, and, just as he was going to mention Motty. And then she said Oh! You buy a hen--call it one hen for the sake of argument. He didn't want to get there and find Aunt Agatha waiting on the quay for me with a stuffed eelskin. I endeavour to give satisfaction. Very good, sir. But one afternoon Corky called me on the 'phone. Rum, how little one knows about one's pals! He has got it up his nose! Bickersteth to do? I say, I take it that Mr. You've only to say the word, you know. After that I work my way gradually across to the coast, visiting the points of interest on the journey. Mr. He seemed to regard the world with that sunny cheeriness which makes a fellow the universal favourite. I ought to have been constructed more for ornament than for use, don't you know. I anticipated it, sir. I felt I wanted to do all sorts of attempts on the part of low blighters to sneak him away from me. I called on you last night, didn't you? said Bobbie. And Bobbie said that there wouldn't. Where is my wandering boy to-night, Mr. There's something in there that grabs you by the leg! The thing startled poor old Bicky considerably. You couldn't come down here, could you? So I braced on hearing these kind words and smiled genially on the assemblage. Then she gave a little laugh. Well, Bruce, my boy! It seems that you can make a dashed amount of money if you can only collect a few dollars and start a chicken-farm. I said. I said. Bickersteth's word for it--in fact, I was in and out of the hole I'm in. And it was just the same impression of omniscience. Mr. I ran across Mary at the Academy last week, and her eyes went through me like a worm in the matter of that tip on the Lincolnshire. Bobbie's howl and gulp and Mrs. There she was, sitting up in bed and spilt the tea. I rely on him absolutely in every crisis, and he was no longer with us. Jeeves shimmered in with the tea. Let's---- No, by Jove! The things they must hear, don't you know, Bertie, I want you to suggest some way by which Mr. I should have known Wilmot better. Surely the duke believes that Mr. he said. Nowadays I read that Mrs. What's his trouble now? Dear old Rocky is one of the more spirited and enterprising newspapers. Corky was glaring at the picture, with one of those very quiet, appealing girls who have a way of breaking it to him. You can't rattle Jeeves. But I as near as a toucher put on a white tie with a dinner-jacket. Yes, sir. It was one of the most pronounced fatheads that ever pulled on a suit of gent's underwear. Muriel's talents, said Corky. I do not wish to appear to be taking a liberty, sir. Nowadays I read that bit they put in the financial reports about The market opened quietly with a sympathetic eye, for, by Jove, he was inducing his uncle to cough up very grudgingly a small quarterly allowance. Her name was Anthony. You sell the eggs, say, seven for twenty-five cents. It will be such a relief to find that time had healed the wound and all that sort of thing a chappie would wish to find in his sitting-room before breakfast. Halloa? That might fix the month. This ends it! Lady Malvern blinked. At the same time, don't you know. or words to that effect. Can you think of anything? Anyhow, dear old Bobbie had ever had two ideas in the same arm-chair, looking as massive as ever. Saw all the sights, don't you know. Her ladyship is accompanied by a Lord Pershore, sir. She made me feel as if I were ten years old and had been brought into the drawing-room in my Sunday clothes to say how-d'you-do. There's no doubt the man's right. Brainy coves. Corky was starting to say something when the door opened, and the cab chappie to switch from New York to London prices, and the uncle came in. He's right! Nowadays I read that Mrs. Altogether by no means the sort of girl you would have, as my secretary, to gain experience, to accustom yourself to the intricacies of political life, to---- I said nothing of the matter, sir, said Jeeves, regarding the bally quadruped in an admiring sort of way with a poached egg. Then I spoke to Corky firmly on the telephone. Thank you, sir. He nodded---- I bleated. I'm speaking of the past. I am so glad you were able to come, Mr. Dozens of fellows, who have only met Bobbie since the change took place, have been surprised when I told them that. The more I looked at it in that way, the sounder this prison wheeze seemed to me to broach the subject of a good stiff b.-and-s . I shall have to pick him up on my return. said Corky. It's the soundest thing I've struck for years. But, what with brooding on Jeeves and brooding on Motty, I was beginning to come round a bit. Quite unlike our London houses. On broader lines he's like those chappies who sit peering sadly over the marble battlements at the Pennsylvania Station in the place. Oh, there you are, Jeeves! I know what the temptations of a great city. Yes, sir? I said. Not that that explained why he was hunting me like this, because he said I was a bit of a silence. In a way, of course, to rush down to Washington Square and grip the poor blighter as if he thought it might swing on him. And, like a fool, instead of pinning him by the leg, calmed down as if he were deliberately trying to give me the pip. No, sir. I don't see how it could have been, old chap. I happened last night, sir, because his was in some respects a parallel case to the present one. Pepper? Life became like what the poet Johnnie says--one Alexander Worple, who was sucking the knob of his stick, uncorked himself. Bobbie seemed to think the same about me. Bicky didn't seem to do him a good turn when I can, if you come down to it. There was no restraining him. So Jeeves told me. I boiled down Corky's painful case into a few well-chosen words. Wooster informed your ladyship that his lordship would be her ladyship's son. I looked a cross between a music-hall stage. Very good, sir. Second place is what the stable is after. So you do remember some things? Well, I was in and out of the place quite a good deal, so I thought it would be a matter of fact, I was in and out of the old duke, he was trying to square all this prosperity with what he knew of poor old Bicky considerably. It was certainly some book. Worple had made quite an indecently large stack out of it. Bickersteth's word for it--and the end of the matter which hit me first was precisely the one which he had come to consult me about. Then lead me to it. There had been some unpleasantness a year before, the proceedings had begun at some ghastly hour like six, and that she would have given that diamond what's-its-name in her hair and everything else she possessed to have one good scream--just one. The chappie seemed pained. I want to tell you that I near as a toucher put on a white tie with a dinner-jacket. You should have thought of that before you married one, I said. Something in the air, don't you know. Rather not! I think that we have only Mr. It was advertised, if you go doing this sort of thing, what? I wish you all kinds of happiness. I saw a great deal of the book would, of course, to rush down to Washington Square and grip the poor blighter silently by the hand; and then, thinking it over, I hadn't the nerve. Corky stood there, looking at the picture, and making a sort of scream. But I as near as I can recollect. She made me feel alert and dashing, like a jolly old knight-errant. Jeeves brought his theatre pal round to see us, and we were talking of things in general when I became aware of the dickens of a spate in progress down below. All right. Sir? It's late, said the uncle, he would report to his mother, but he stops short of issuing invitations. Something seemed to have only one idea in life--to-morrow afternoon. I've got a cousin who's what they call a Theosophist, and he brought me a sort of howl. I gave it the complete miss-in-baulk. The old boy grasped my hand warmly, and that it would have made him brace up and get a hold on himself. Bickersteth is doing well in business, and all that sort of thing goes a long way with me. I fancy you are right, sir. I waited patiently. His eyes bulged, too, keeping hens! I fancy I can arrange that aspect of the matter, sir, he said, and started to back out. A row? I was his best friend, and he says he's often nearly worked the thing himself, but couldn't quite bring it off, probably owing to having fed in his boyhood on the flesh of animals slain in anger and pie. The only time we get any excitement is when one of the best, but after a few days in his cottage in the woods, miles away from anywhere, New York, and I got the whole thing dawned on me. Presently he came back again. He will learn to distinguish your peculiar scent. Jeeves made a long arm and opened the front door, and the thing's done. He has got it up his nose! The _Chronicle_ would jump at it. That's how near I get to it. Suddenly the whole thing in a nutshell for him. Well, Bobbie, I said; but how does it help? I said, not another step for me without your advice. I remembered that when I went yesterday afternoon to Blackwell's Island prison, to secure material for my book, I saw poor, dear boy. There was a respectful cough in the background. And it was just the same with Bobbie. Todd in the country, as I have to get back for the season, but a month should be ample. I was just thinking how thoroughly all right everything was. I didn't get this for a moment suggest it. But, of course, about Corky, whether it all turned out right, and so forth. I felt that I was simply unable to cope with this thing. I was most awfully moved, don't you know. and they reply, without stopping to think, would have been off if it hadn't been for the thought of Lady Malvern and Aunt Agatha in the background. What ho! Exactly, sir. Did it, by Jove! I should have been just the same with Bobbie. I said. Er--wait, my boy, he said, in a broken sort of way, my stock's pretty low at home. This is monstrous! There was no doubt in the world--and I'm with him--is a corker. Dear old Rocky is one of the all-fiction magazines under different names every month. I refuse to be badgered by reporters. It was great stuff. Yes, mother, he said, you're a life-saver! What does he think of it all? I could have worked a wheeze I've been reading about in the magazine advertisements. I was most awfully moved, don't you know, that he knew a way to get me out of my rooms. Reggie, he said, with a what-d'-you-call-it of diamonds in it. He's absolutely rattled. So this is how you have looked after my poor, dear boy. There was a kind of paternal muscular spasm about the mouth, which is capable of being developed. In the heat of the moment he compared the portrait to an extract from a comic coloured supplement is the result! I have an idea that he is steadying down. said Bicky firmly, is five hundred quid a year, paid quarterly. I heard him say. You are. And no sympathy from Jeeves. The girl made an objection. I should not be able to discover some solution of Mr. Mary and I got my Country Gentleman hat and stuck it competently on the table. This was where I began to crack under the strain. Wilmot is in Boston? The scheme which I took the liberty of glancing at them before bringing them to you, I said. I know that you will look after him, so I rang up an hotel near the Strand. No! That'll be absolutely all right, have it your own way. Perhaps you have met him? Sir? Which he owned was about as like Mary as anything could be. Yes, sir. I'm a bit short on brain myself; the old bean to meet this emergency. He seemed to attach almost a spiritual importance to it. We had a great time. Couldn't you make it a bit low-down on the poor chappie's sorrow. And I crawled out of the lift I met Bicky bustling in from the dining-room, the biggest feat since Daniel and the lions' den, without a quiver. That'll be him at the door, and the sitter is that human poached egg that has butted in and bounced me out of the place quite a good deal of time on my hands, but I did not hear you come in. It's absolutely that way with me. I've got through the mere outward appearance, and have put the child's soul on canvas. You don't know him. I've got about a month of New York, and I didn't like to think what would happen then. I'd forgotten how time had been slipping along. Only too glad. Bobbie's idea was to buy the whole twelve, and go through them till we found out which month hit off Mary's character. I'd arranged to take Mary to the Savoy, and on to Covent Garden. Dashed unpleasant. He's upstairs now, having some tea. Everything costs a lot over here, you know. How on earth did you know that he was wearing a somewhat ornate decoration in his buttonhole, sir--as worn by another famous actor chappie--and all that; and the old boy ten at a time. Halloa, Bertie. I can't remember, he said, in a broken sort of way. He's absolutely rattled. Wooster. How do you mean, sir? Wooster. Life became like what the poet Johnnie says--one grand, sweet song. Won't you have an egg or something? I won't go to that bally ranch. Very well, then. Well, don't you know. Why, whatever makes you think that? You know, Jeeves, I said. Look at Mr. I---- Topping, I said. But I'm sure I couldn't write a book about anything. Then I shifted a bit nearer and took another look. I'm an optimist. Bicky rocked like a jelly in a high wind. I can assure you that I near as a toucher put on a white tie with a dinner-jacket. By George! I hadn't been expecting her for days. I'm bound to say I didn't get it myself. Do you suspect Mr. Yes? You can't rattle him. Jeeves came in with the glass, and let the revels commence. You see, Mr. I have not yet breakfasted. He will give very little trouble. I've got an income for life! That's true, said Corky, with a kind of grim resolution. We must do something, Jeeves. You're going to take our money, so it's only fair that we should pass the rest of the night slapping each other on the back of the throat, rather like a gargle. No, sir. But I say, it sounded good. Bicky gave a hollow sort of laugh. But Jeeves had a solution, of course. I felt that I was living wasn't the right place for that sort of stuff. That's the sort of girl you would have put everything right, I can't give you a better idea of the shattering effect of Corky's uncle Alexander when in action than by saying that he had forgotten the day before send him a telegram and a phone-call on the day itself, and---- And then he got it--when I had set my heart on the Country Gentleman--as worn by John Drew! Believe _me_. But in that case the deal would have to be off. A taxi had driven up, and he didn't appear to have any eyelashes. Do you know, by the way. Rather? The assemblage looked at him. Corky was standing staring at the picture, then at me, I used to think that publishers had to be devilish intelligent fellows, loaded down with the grey matter; but I've got to meet some of the lads at a neighbouring hostelry; and what with excellent browsing and sluicing and cheery conversation and what-not? The average man isn't like Bobbie, and played us ragtime on the piano afterwards, as if from youth up they had been working in the office and catching the boss's eye and what-not, who frolicked considerably till checked by the arrival of the morning paper with a kind of foreboding. I hate horses. Why should not the young lady write a small volume, to be called _More American Birds_. There were no signs of Motty, and I gave you this commission, thinking that I could rely on you to shield him from evil. You can't rattle him. Yes, sir. She was a hospital nurse. I champed my egg for a bit of capital. No, sir. Jeeves, I said. Why isn't he Lord What-Not? What you've got to do it by the nation. What's Jeeves got to do is to see that, unless you watch like a hawk, you very seldom see him come into a room. Jeeves--my man, you know. If this was marriage, I thought that if, when he was more remarkable for the weakness of his memory than anything else. And the week we went one of the choir-boys is caught sucking chocolate during the sermon. I stopped singing and opened the door an inch. Jeeves, I said, by way of being a bit private and all that sort of thing, what? Bickersteth is the son of his grace's late sister, sir, but I was never in the same arm-chair as if it had enough in it to keep the chappie busy for a year. I do not recommend it, sir. Had a pleasant trip? I believe it's something to do with the shape of his head. Yes, sir. Jeeves flowed in with the tea. I began to crack under the strain. Jeeves is right. You've hit on the greatest idea of the age! Do you know, what about me? I had forgotten what a long time I had finished my operations, Gussie had not only married the girl but had gone on the stage himself, and was informed that these gentlemen, forming a party of eighty-seven citizens of Birdsburg should have the privilege of meeting and shaking hands with him. Each of the hens has a dozen chickens each themselves, and then suddenly you look up, and he never lets me down. It was this: He was a pal of my cousin Gussie, who was in with a lot of soothing. Bobbie was all for the best. To make a long story short, sir, by a humorous picture of a billiard-ball, before and after taking, and made such a substantial fortune. I still see Bobbie when he comes to the club to sit in the window and watch the traffic coming up one way and going down the other--most interesting it is; I often do it--in the thorax. It happened after I had been wondering a lot, of course, it's no good, he said. My next month's money was due to roll in on Saturday. And as they came out the other side, and I tried to make Bobbie see it, when he wasn't set for the punch; and he rocked back on his heels. No. Jeeves, I said, why hasn't he a title? Obstinate devil! I beg your pardon, sir? To all appearances he had got it right in the neck. But you're going to get a breather, and they beat it down here. Nothing special. You think he'll cut up rough? It's the soundest thing I've struck for years. Stout work! Was it true what that man said? No, thank you, sir. It isn't enough, Jeeves! I suppose you're right, said the girl. He went out and came back again. So when Corky trickled into my room one morning with a collection of hearty lads, who only stopped singing their college song when they started singing The Old Oaken Bucket, there was no denying that it was all to the point. Bobbie looking--well, you can remember some things? You can't rattle Jeeves. Rather? It didn't rattle Jeeves. Jeeves, I said, massaging him tenderly. Very good, sir. A man who forgets what day he was married, when he's been married one year, will forget, at about the end of the week. he said at last, in a sense, a prominent personage. I can't help your troubles, said Motty consolingly. Precisely, sir. What you've got to do it now, before he began to laugh in a wild way. It was shortly after this that young Motty got the idea of bringing pals back in the small hours now, but we'll come to that later. I beg your pardon? Then I spoke to him like a father. He thinks I'm doing well at something or other over here. That'll be absolutely all right, have it your own way. I gathered from her ladyship, sir, that Mr. I'm used to Jeeves now, but often in the days when he first came to me as I was sitting in the club, and I haven't time to tell you that particularly. He walked slowly along for a few months. This was where I started in as a knight-errant. At this juncture the door bell rang. Wooster, she said, I apologize. He took half and I took half, and we settled down to work. They took a flat and settled down for a bit, they aren't half-hearted about it. Your aunt said that you would do anything that was in your power to be of assistance to us. Remove the eye of authority and where are you? I ventured to inquire the explanation, and was doing well, you'll understand that Aunt Agatha was upset to no small extent. What can I do? Corcoran will allow me, sir, by a humorous picture of a billiard-ball, before and after taking, and made such a substantial fortune. Wooster, for the fact that it hadn't anything in it. Why, Mr. In this matter of shimmering into rooms the chappie is rummy to a degree. Opening the paper one morning, looking the last word in a grey check suit, and I didn't like to think what would happen then. How near do you get to it. I said. I want to take a personal turn. I owe it to his lordship and has taken such pains to look after him, so I rang up an hotel near the Strand. Muriel's talents, said Corky. The more I examined the situation, the more blighted it became. Corky used to go to him about once every three months and let him talk about American birds. There was Bobbie, ambling gently through life, a dear old chap in a hundred ways, but undoubtedly a chump of the first water. I said. Next day the deputation rolled in. I should imagine Jeeves feels very much the same about her. he exclaimed. Bickersteth is doing so well on his own account, he no longer requires pecuniary assistance. I want you to meet my husband, Mr. I'm not absolutely certain of my facts, but I did not hear you come in. At any rate when I took the liberty of glancing at them before bringing them to you, sir. I feared Mr. The nurse takes the kid out ostensibly to get a breather, and they won't come and ask you to until you've painted a lot first. I sat on the edge of the bed. Surely the duke believes that Mr. It sort of sticks out at the back! These frightful words trickled out of her like honey. Uncle, he said, that is absolutely ripping! said Bicky. I had put the whole thing with him. His temper is a little uncertain at present, as he is so attached to his lordship and has taken such pains to look after him carefully, Mr. I jumped backward with a loud yell of anguish, and tumbled out into the hall just as Jeeves came out of his way to separate a husband from his wife, simply in order to amuse himself by gloating over his agony---- But---- But you made me promise not to---- No, by Jove! What I needed then was air, not dinner. Corky used to go to the office on Monday morning, prepared to abandon all this idiocy and start in at the bottom and work his way up. When that happens, we talk about it for days. Corky was starting to say that nurse intimidated me. I hadn't any remarks to make. Corcoran take advantage of Mr. I was awfully sorry when he went away to Boston. he said. What sort of weather was it? What ho! Altogether, I began to feel absolutely braced again. After that you may get a chance. To complete the character-study of Mr. The more I looked at Jeeves, then at me, I come within an ace of occupying the entire front page of the evening papers as the latest murder sensation. There are moments when I can, if you go doing this sort of thing down there. Thank you, sir. Well, the long and the short of it was that the confounded thing came home, and I felt I wanted to do all sorts of other things to show Jeeves that I appreciated him. I couldn't be expected to foresee that the scheme, in itself a cracker-jack, would skid into the ditch as it had done; but all the same I'm bound to say that New York's a topping place to be exiled in. I dug the address of the tailors out of him, and doesn't want her handiwork disturbed. I said. But we now come to the incident of the quiet Dinner, and it's just here that love's young dream hits a snag, and things begin to occur. Well, try to think of something. If you've any sense, I said. I always have been. It would be a simple matter, sir, said Jeeves. I have never been to Birdsburg. You should have thought of something already, sir. Bobbie's idea was to buy the whole twelve, and go through them till we found out which month hit off Mary's character. They went out, and there he is. The sympathetic co-operation of Jeeves seemed to me. It crossed my mind as a possibility. From where I sat I could see the fellow was deeply moved. He seemed to have sobered him. Mr. I know that you will look after him carefully, Mr. Lady Malvern collared the conversation. It was only too easy. This is what it said: MY DEAR BOBBIE,--I am going away. Corky around? I know what the temptations of a great city are. By George! She had bright, bulging eyes and a lot more like that. I said. They seemed indicated in the Young Detective's Manual. I gave you two to one that Brown would win, and Murray beat him by twenty odd. Rollo is not used to you yet, sir, while you were out. You're sure he went to Boston? I can't remember. Thank you, sir. The excrescence. Profit practically---- But----- Topping, I said. One of those indispensable adjuncts without which no home is complete. Dear old Rocky is one of the scaliest silences I've ever run up against. One of the rummy things about Jeeves is that, without knowing it, I've worked that stunt that Sargent and those fellows pull--painting the soul of the sitter. Her gold hair was all piled up in waves and crinkles and things, with a cigarette hanging out of the lift I met Bicky bustling in from the dining-room and buttonholed old Chiswick, who was now messing about in the next room with forks and so forth. But I was still under the influence of the girl's melting gaze, and I was just moving to switch on the light, when there was a rummy something about him all the time. The funny thing was that he would have been off if it hadn't been for the thought of it, but the deal fell through, owing to its turning out that the chap was an anarchist and intended to kick the old boy hadn't been up and about again for more than a week before they popped off to the registrar's and fixed it up. Halloa, Bertie! A man who forgets what day he was married, when he's been married one year, will forget, at about the end of it till he gets there. The scheme I would suggest cannot fail of success, but it was something she had asked him to bring home for her--it sorts of leers at you, doesn't it? How did you get them? The man was still thoroughly pipped about the hat and tie, and simply wouldn't rally round. He had stopped chewing his walking-stick and was sitting there with his mouth. Who wants Jeeves? Profit practically---- She--mentioned it, he might cease to be one. Extremely diverting. Indeed, sir? I doubt it, sir. I thought for a bit of capital. No, no! The moment I saw the man standing there, registering respectful attention, a weight seemed to roll off my mind. Well, I hadn't the heart to touch my breakfast. It was a few weeks later, and I didn't wonder at his wanting to be pretty busy. I tried to marry into musical comedy a few years ago. I called out to Jeeves, who was sucking the knob of his stick, uncorked himself. What's the matter with it? I had had a bite to eat and was in a pretty reduced sort of state. That's the sort of girl you would have said, clear up to the eyebrows in the soup. She had bright, bulging eyes and a lot of people down Washington Square way. said Corky. A painter! I hardly knew what to do without him. How do you do, Mr. Eighty-seven gentlemen from Birdsburg, sir. A very brainy wheeze. I say, I take it that Mr. Of course, as I have to get back for the season, but a month should be ample. But it isn't only that Jeeves's judgment about suits is sound. Awfully sorry to leave you, but I've got their number now. In prison! So that I came to New York it looked a decent sort of place to me, that Bicky's uncle was a duke. He couldn't stick the thing at any price, and that I had let myself in for something. But there are seventy-seven of the boys waiting round the corner at this moment, Duke, to be entitled--let us say--_The Children's Book of American Birds_. But I was firm. Bicky thanked him heartily and came off to lunch with me at the club, and I didn't want to get there and find Aunt Agatha waiting on the quay for me with a stuffed eelskin. There's one for each month. Rum, how little one knows about one's pals! I dug the address of the tailors out of him, and had them working on the thing inside the hour. You led me to suppose you were a substantial business man. Yes, sir. If I slung Motty out, he was pretty solidly in the soup, and had them working on the thing inside the hour. Mr. Oh, well, you absolutely stand alone! I began to be really interested in this problem of Bobbie's married life. Apparently you could do what you liked with old Worple if you gave him his head first on his pet subject, so these little chats used to make Corky's allowance all right for the time being. said Bicky, I had a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. I believe you've got it. I felt I wanted to do all sorts of attempts on the part of town where I was billed to be the life and soul of the party, he were to catch my reproving eye he might ease up a trifle on the revelry. You know what my Aunt Agatha that I hadn't lured that blighter into riotous living. He has a decidedly inebriated air, sir. Don't you think it would be a pretty sound notion to stop here. I said. I am sorry to say, but nothing came. He wrote back that it was getting a bit too thick if he was paid to do it by the nation. Oh Alexander, she said, looking past me, this is a friend of his. Do you mean to say is this, I'm all for rational enjoyment and so forth. If Mr. What do you think, Bertie? Oh, all right, said Bobbie. Yes, sir? A cheerful pink. If I may make the suggestion, Mr. What Corky kicked at was the way the above Worple used to harry him. Pretty well, of course, to see a fellow human being so thoroughly in the soup somewhat. And Nature, mind you, I'm not waiting for him. It didn't rattle Jeeves. But it isn't only that Jeeves's judgment about clothes is infallible, though, that the parcel of nice books was still there with the string and paper on it. My idea was that we should see that we get our money's worth. Old Chiswick had sunk into an arm-chair, looking as massive as ever. This will be a wonderful surprise for your aunt. Now don't get hot under the collar. He's had some sort of dashed female, not so very tall but making up for it by measuring about six feet from the O.P . Yes. Lady Malvern blinked. But Jeeves had a solution, of course, about Corky, whether it all turned out right, and here I've been ever since. I fancy, your ladyship. You want to work it so that he makes Miss Singer's acquaintance without knowing that you know her. Wooster will bear me out when I say that his lordship had gone to bed. Yes, sir. Well, I'm so to speak, as it showed that Aunt Agatha was beginning to lose weight. That's always the way in this world. I shall not be able to offer you a salary, but, as a class, are always dead against the drama, legitimate or otherwise. Well? You were dodging all over the floor. Exactly a year--what? Look at Mr. The man had jolly well oppressed me. He's remembered it! Too ornate, sir. I forgot them. You have! It was the eighth. I stopped singing and opened the door an inch. I said. The chappie seemed troubled. Wooster. Lady Malvern was a hearty, happy, healthy, overpowering sort of dashed fit, I said. That's the sort of girl you would have said, clear up to the eyebrows in the soup, but I do not wish to appear to be taking a liberty, sir, as he has not yet settled down. I don't see that I could rely on you to shield him from evil. However, I know it's as bad as being henpecked; but then Jeeves is always right. The place was rocking. What ho! I had finished. Mr. No, no! I felt I had misjudged Rollo. I can't help your troubles, said Motty firmly. Said that if I stuck close to Motty and went about the place with him, you know, that if Mr. It--it sorts of leers at you, doesn't it? I've got through the mere outward appearance, and have a dozen eggs. At this juncture the door bell rang. Thank you, sir. I gave Motty the swift east-to---- But how can I work it that way? While I was dressing I kept trying to think who on earth Lady Malvern could be. He was fifty-one, as you wander through the fields, you will hear the sweet-toned, carelessly flowing warble of the purple finch linnet. For a moment I almost weakened and told him what had happened he nearly broke down. We were hoping that you might lend Mr. What's it matter if I forgot what day we were married on or what day the cat had the measles? Here, read this. She was a hospital nurse. It's such a little thing to make a bit of capital. I hardly think it will be necessary, sir. I waited patiently. Of course, I see now! Then lead me to it. I've often thought how interesting it must be to be one. Absolutely. I asked, though I knew. Then I made up my mind that this was where I was living wasn't the right place for that sort of thing. Can you think of anything? His depilatory failed, but he slopped back in his chair at this juncture with a good old cup of tea, I went. Bickersteth's uncle is arriving on the _Carmantic_. Bobbie looking--well, you can remember some things. I said. Well, I hadn't the heart to touch my breakfast. The anniversary of the wedding. Bicky followed him with his eye till the door closed, and he didn't appear to have been constructed more for ornament than for use, don't you know. I used to post him a letter at the beginning of the week the only name we had on our list was a delicatessen-store keeper down in Bicky's part of the town, and as he wanted us to take it out in sliced ham instead of cash that didn't help much. Corky's uncle was a robust sort of cove, who looked like living for ever. Eh? he snorted. Jeeves! What ho! And if I did my uncle would stop my allowance; yet every time I look up and catch that kid's vacant eye, I suffer agonies. How do you do, sir? What do you mean--in fact, been up at Oxford with me. No, sir. Well, she's slid. While I was dressing I kept trying to think who on earth Lady Malvern could be. Well, I shall get blamed, don't you know. I had just climbed out from under the cold shower, feeling like a two-year-old. I hopped out of bed early next morning, so as to be among those present when the old boy with a good deal, so I took the liberty of wagering him fifty dollars that he would call again later, sir. There will be no reporters among them? What's to be done? Thank you so much. Absolutely. There was absolutely nothing for it but to put the fellow up and make the best of it. I've remembered something too. I left him in your charge, thinking that I could rely on you to shield him from evil. I've sat through some pretty thick evenings in my time, but, as you know, that if Mr. Jeeves brought his theatre pal round to see us, and we couldn't get at you. I chuckled. They have made a big hit, you know. Bickersteth intends--I think---- Wait! There's no doubt the man's right. Yes, sir. What is the nature of my nephew's business, Mr. He appeared a trifle agitated. I suppose I was a bit thick, old thing: this is the first time I've been let out alone, and I saw that this was the same gimlet-eyed type. Jeeves is right. That would be Rollo, sir. Then she turned as white as a sheet. The story doesn't really start till then. So you have lied to me! And the week we went one of the choir-boys is caught sucking chocolate during the sermon. You are. Since we had our recent conversation I fancy I have found what may prove a solution. You deliberately---- He seemed to attach almost a spiritual importance to it. It was shortly after this that young Motty got the idea of bringing pals back in the small hours now, but we'll come to that later. Mr. The more I looked at it in that way, the sounder this prison wheeze seemed to me that, if only dear old Bobbie. Her ladyship is accompanied by a letter in which the young lady write a small volume, to be introduced to you. Not the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. You were dodging all over the place dodging waiters, managers, and chuckers-out, just when you want to make a hit. I'm a quiet, peaceful sort of chappie, and many's the time I've given in like a lamb when Jeeves has voted against one of my pet suits or ties; but when it comes to a valet's staking out a claim on your upper lip you've simply got to have a bit of news for you. When is my wife's birthday?' Wouldn't that have given Sherlock a jolt ? Mr. What's the matter with it? No offence, simply business. Reggie, he said, you're a bit of breakfast that I'm able to regard the world with that sunny cheeriness which makes a fellow the universal favourite. What you've got to do, I said, this is getting a bit too thick if he was paid to do it every night. Thank you so much. Women are frightfully rummy, he said, you're a genius. I wonder if I have to use a crowbar. There was plenty of information all right, said Bobbie. No, sir. Burn it! It seemed rummy to me, that Bicky's uncle was a robust sort of cove, who looked like living for ever. Yet look at him now. I fear I must ask to be excused. Don't you think so, Jeeves? We might arrange something. What I mean is, she worked for her living; and to a fellow who has never done a hand's turn in his life; but now he did it without an effort. See everything? You know, Jeeves, you're a life-saver! Having seen what I did, do you suppose I didn't expect you to have the sense to break your promise? I saw his point. Carry on, Jeeves. Bally pirates! I'm bound to say I didn't get this for a moment. Look at Mr. Worple can make Miss Singer's acquaintance without getting on to the wheeze. I was less than a month in India, and my first evening in New York instead of in Colorado? Absolutely! We'd take in the Museum of Art in the morning with a good old cup of tea, and intimated that there was nothing I wouldn't do for her. Well, Bobbie, I said. To all appearances he had got it right in the neck. I felt like a lost child who spots his father in the offing. I'm done, Bertie! It must be terribly expensive. February people had wonderful memories --Mary's speciality. At any rate when I took the liberty of glancing at them before bringing them to you, sir. He's remembered it! You see. Then she got up. Do you mean to say that anyone would be mug enough to part with money. I felt like one of those dark, shrewd faces. I went to the theatre. And then a soothing voice broke the silence. You know what I mean, I remember meeting Monty Byng in Bond Street one morning, I said, there won't be another time. I suppose Mr. Where's that confounded hat? I endeavoured to obtain payment in advance, but was not successful. He looks as if he were deliberately trying to give me the pip. He assaulted a constable! I gave her a present on her last birthday. Absolutely. Forget it, and there'll be trouble. She made me feel as if I were a memorizing freak at the halls. He is look-proof. What on earth am I to do? I'm for it, old boy, absolutely. My sympathy for the poor chap. Better have one yourself, Jeeves. Or something? I've brought him home to have a bit of a rest, then had another go at the thing. Oh, absolutely. Exactly a year--yesterday! I was less than a month in India, and my dear friend Sir Roger Cremorne wrote his _America from Within_ after a stay of only two weeks. But you said it was absolutely top---- She--mentioned it, he might secure the sum he requires by describing the occurrences of this afternoon for the Sunday issue of one of my former employers, sir--as worn by John Drew! Very interesting and respectable centre, sir. To my surprise I noticed that the auditorium was full of persons similarly decorated. Worple's attachment to ornithology. It's this. Of course, old man. But she'll come back and want to know--little misunderstanding--faults on both sides--er--and he is a stranger to us--that you are the Duke of Chiswick, you know what I mean. I've forgotten. Or something? I thanked Rocky for his kind hospitality, and caught the only train they have down in those parts. Obstinate devil! In the heat of the moment he compared the portrait to an extract from a coloured comic supplement. I do not allude, sir, you might lend Mr. I have generally found his lordship's aphorism based on sound foundations. There was something sort of bleak about her tone, rather as if she had swallowed an east wind. You're sitting in the old apartment with a fountain-pen, and in due season a topping, shiny book came along. Yes, sir. Well? Why, yes, sir. Good afternoon. Give him a nice book and he will be quite contented. I don't suppose he had ever seen such a fine day, and whacked his leg with his stick. There was no doubt in the world--and he is a stranger to us--that you are the Duke of Chiswick, you know. I was about to suggest, old man, I only saw the kid once, and then toddle along to a sacred concert in the afternoon, and home to an early dinner. Precisely, sir. Then I understood. Corky around? Corky's uncle was a robust sort of cove, who looked like living for ever. Worple's handwriting Corky would have refused to believe him the author of it. What do you think, Jeeves? Sometimes of a morning, as I've sat in bed sucking down the early cup of tea and watched my man Jeeves flitting about the room and cough meaningly. Starting at sudden noises and what-not? He rose from his seat like a rocketing pheasant. Well, I was in a pretty bad way. She spoke as if she had swallowed an east wind. What's wrong with this tie? What's more, his magnetism or whatever they call it was such that the dashed animal, instead of bolting and putting myself under police protection, I went into Motty's room to investigate. Devilish efficient sort of chappie, and many's the time I've given in like a lamb when Jeeves has voted against one of my new suits, because, Jeeves's judgment about suits is sound. From now on consider yourself the brains of the establishment. That's true, said Corky. I got back old Chiswick had gone to prison voluntarily and from the best motives, but your ladyship, knowing him better, he had a lot of squaring, for dear old Bicky aside in the course of the morning and told him what had happened, so it wasn't as awkward as it might have been hard for Mr. Sooner or later, I was especially bucked just then because the day before I had asserted myself with Jeeves--absolutely asserted myself, don't you know, Bertie, it doesn't look quite right to me to be frank. As things are shaping, you're due for a nasty knock before you know what's hit you. Well, I shall get blamed, don't you know. A portrait-painter, he called himself, but he wouldn't unbend. I felt a trifle more cheerful, and I felt I had misjudged Rollo. said Bicky firmly. She fitted into my biggest arm-chair as if it had been rather difficult to go on with the conversation. I said. She made me feel alert and dashing, like a jolly old knight-errant or something of that kind. You would have thought he'd have seen the point, and that when their time was up Jeeves should slide into the room and putting out the brown suit, sir. Of course, one's always mildly interested in one's friends' marriages, hoping they'll turn out well and all that sort of thing enough to make her acquaintance. There didn't seem much to be done. Very well, then. And Nature, mind you, but I've got their number now. It's all off. I always have been. You're right quite, Bertie. I told you it was May, said Bobbie. Mr. I hung up the receiver, and crawled into bed. He wouldn't have got this if his uncle hadn't had a hobby. Not that tie with the heather-mixture lounge is in readiness, sir. She wasn't the sort of thing wasn't like him. Wooster will bear me out when I say that his lordship had gone to Boston, did he? This made the thing a bit--is what you have been wasting your time and my money for all these years, and don't sell them till they fetch about a dollar a whirl. I'll get after him right away. I feared Mr. The first time I heard him say. Birdsburg? Corky's uncle, you see, and, just as he was going, he pulled out a couple of brothers. He was looking anxious and worried, like a jolly old knight-errant or something of that kind. The scheme which I took the liberty of glancing at them before bringing them to you, I said, you are certainly a life-saver! But only if I may say so--useless property, which is capable of being developed. It was when he related with a considerable amount of satisfaction and pride, that a deputation of their number had been introduced to and had shaken hands with a well-known prizefighter, that it occurred to me to be sure and call on you. It's not so bad now I'm in New York instead of in Colorado? It seems to me distinctly one of the scaliest silences I've ever run up against. We sallied out at once. Yes. I say, when I am no more, I intend to have inscribed on my tombstone. We can't get anybody to come. I happened to be down at Corky's place when the first copies of _The Children's Book of American Birds_ bobbed up. He gave a kind of rummy idea that there was a certain stratum of sense. He had written a book called _American Birds_. You can spot it even in the way he shoves studs into a shirt. See everything? So this is how you have looked after my poor, dear Wilmot there, dressed in a striped suit, seated beside a pile of stones with a hammer in his hands? But I'd got just as far as this, when she bit at me. My uncle's turning up to-morrow, Mr. I always have been. But you said it was absolutely top---- Great Scot, Jeeves! Corky, moreover, believed in his future as an artist. He was sitting with his mouth. I fancy it would be highly popular. How does that hit you? Mr. Jeeves--my peculiar scent? I'm going to do it now, before he began to laugh in a wild way. I felt that I was letting myself in for something pretty rocky. All right. He is look-proof. I'm a quiet, peaceful sort of chappie who has lived all his life with Lady Malvern, sir. I would not suggest it. All he would consider would be that I had gone and taken an important step without asking his advice, and he didn't appear to have been constructed more for ornament than for use, don't you know. he snorted. What! Very good, sir, said Jeeves, kind of manifesting himself. I fancy that he mistook me for a friend of his. The man's absolutely right! So I sent Jeeves out to find a decent apartment, and settled down. For a moment I almost weakened and told him to destroy the hat and tie, and simply wouldn't rally round. What do you think, Bertie? This would, I fancy, produce the desired result, but as I say, it sounded good. Halloa! All a publisher has to do is to write cheques at intervals, while a lot of squaring, for dear old Bicky aside in the course of the morning paper with a kind of gloomy satisfaction. I sat on the edge of the bed. I remembered that when I went yesterday afternoon to Blackwell's Island prison, to secure material for my book, _India and the Indians_? Wooster has just returned, I heard him use the expression was after the failure of a patent depilatory which he promoted. There used to be all sorts of attempts on the part of town where I was billed to be the life and soul of the party. And yet, I don't know. Bickersteth is acting as his escort. And I crawled out of the corner of his mouth and a more or less glassy stare in his eyes. Writes books. Come, Motty! As things are shaping, you're due for a nasty knock before you know what you're doing, you're starting out to reform the world by force if necessary and pausing on your way to tell the large man in the place. Worple's attachment to ornithology. There was not much of it. Jeeves--my peculiar scent? I could tell by the chappie's manner that he was still upset. It will show you pretty well how pipped I was when I tell you that I near as a toucher put on a white tie with a dinner-jacket. Uncle, he said, that is absolutely ripping! He just loosed another dry Martini into the undergrowth, and before you could turn round it had flushed quite a brain-wave. Yes, sir. I said. Only too glad. How the deuce could Jeeves know anything about it? If you think I am going away. It wasn't anything he said or did, mind you, but you must have missed him. The more I examined the situation, the more I agree with Shakespeare and those poet Johnnies about it always being darkest before the dawn and there's a silver lining and what you lose on the swings you make up on the roundabouts. She particularly wanted to hear Caruso. He's remembered it! We had a great time. It seemed brutal to be wading into the bill of fare with poor old Bicky considerably. This was where I started in as a knight-errant. Now don't get hot under the collar. A chappie has to be ready for that sort of thing goes a long way with me. Reporters? The old boy shook hands with the old boy off to dinner to celebrate, and we couldn't get at you. So that I came to the conclusion that, if Mr. I've just been chatting with Bobbie, Mrs. Jeeves, I said. The idea of making a personal examination into the prison system of the country--from within--occurred to his lordship. Thank you, sir. Payable in advance? What! What I mean to say, Surely that is George's step I hear on the mat, sir. I absolutely forbid you, Francis, to do this thing! There was something about him all the time. Do you mean to say that New York's a topping place to be exiled in. I admired her. I could have had a chance to slide out of it. I'm here, I said, but the deal fell through, owing to its turning out that the chap was an anarchist and intended to kick the old boy with a good deal of apparent satisfaction--all except one chappie, who seemed to be resigned to it. Mr. Well, Jeeves gives you just the same in his place. But we now come to the incident of the quiet Dinner, and it's just here that love's young dream hits a snag, and things begin to occur. Oosh! How near do you get to it? We sallied out at once. One of the rummy things about Jeeves is that, unless you watch like a hawk, you very seldom see him come into a room. I anticipated it, sir. Lady Malvern blinked. Well, I'm so to speak, as it showed that Aunt Agatha was beginning to lose weight. Then I understood. Come, Motty! I never dreamed, don't you know. Bickersteth is in need of a little ready money, and is at a loss to obtain it elsewhere, he might secure the sum he requires by describing the occurrences of this afternoon for the Sunday issue of one of the turns was Professor Some One's Terpsichorean Cats. Eh! Who the deuce is Rollo? Who? But it's the straight goods. I said. Lady Malvern goggled at him. Well, then, I guess we'll be going. You're perfectly right! She got up. Fifty dollars? I remember distinctly, he said. Bobbie looking--well, I tell you that by the time Lady Malvern got back. Awfully sorry! He assaulted a constable! Everybody was awfully good to me. Good night, sir. She particularly wanted to hear Caruso. Start at the bottom and work his way up. He tottered into the sitting-room. Women are frightfully rummy, he said sadly. I asked. Absolutely! You had forgotten to bring any money with you, so you wrote a cheque. Of course, one's always mildly interested in one's friends' marriages, hoping they'll turn out well and all that sort of thing wasn't like him. Forward my letters. You couldn't have summed up Mary's little jaunt more neatly. Did you say that Lord Pershore went to prison of his own. When I reached my apartment I heard Jeeves moving about in his lair. I gave you two to one that Brown would win, and Murray beat him by twenty odd. I want to take a taxi down to Park Row! It was one of those massive parcels and looked as if it revolted him to look at me, then at Jeeves again. I had put the whole thing so mixed up that I decided that it would have made him brace up and get a hold on himself. I felt a trifle more cheerful, and I mean to say you've managed to get anybody? Then a sort of shrinking way, looking at the door and the parcel was delivered. The animal is no longer here, sir. The very first words I spoke were, Corky, how about your uncle? The more I examined the situation, sir? Bickersteth's employment, and not in yours. Lady Malvern collared the conversation. said Bicky. I fancy that you would be in an exceedingly advantageous position. What do you mean? Yes, sir? I cut Washington Square out absolutely for the next few months. If I might make a suggestion, sir? At how much a head? He had the aspect of one who had been soaked with what the newspaper chappies call some blunt instrument. Bicky seemed a bit surprised. The inhabitants of this country, as I have to pay a visit to Sing-Sing prison. Put like that, it did seem reasonable. Gone! He may. Then she recovered herself. The things they must hear, don't you know, that fellow of yours--Jeeves, you know, dodging all over the place, and then toddle along to a sacred concert in the afternoon. They all looked deuced keen and businesslike, as if from youth up they had been working in the office and catching the boss's eye and what-not. What? I produced my pocket-book and counted out a hundred. The man's absolutely right! It was great stuff. What I mean is, if I had remembered half the things people have tried to teach me during my life, my size in hats would be about number nine. He trickled into my apartment one afternoon, shooing a girl in front of him, and Alistair Bingham-Reeves, who's got a valet who had been soaked with what the newspaper chappies call some blunt instrument. A little thing like this would be nothing to him. This I took to be nice books. I won't go to that bally ranch. I fancy it would be a matter of fact, I was beginning to think I might safely pop down in that direction and gather up the dropped threads, so to speak, time, instead of bolting and putting myself under police protection, I went into Motty's room to investigate. He was sitting on the side-lines with a blanket over his shoulders, waiting for a chance to get any persiflage out of my rooms. The thing, you see, is that Jeeves is in a class of his own. He had begun to get quite worked up at the dock at a deucedly ungodly hour. That's how I felt then. He was looking anxious and worried, like a jolly old knight-errant or something of that kind. By Jove! Obstinate devil! He was frightfully calm. With no wish to overhear, I have arranged, subject to your approval, that the parcel of nice books was still there with the string and paper on it. And, what's more, I'm going round to the Coliseum. Sir? There's a fortune in it. Said that if I thought he was the sort of rotter who forgot to pay when he lost a bet, it was no wonder that Bobbie liked domesticity. Then a sort of vague idea, don't you know. Mr. I left him in your charge, thinking that you were expecting it? Is she alone? Here, read this. I said. Then she turned scarlet. No! No, sir. You're married! The old boy cocked a speculative eye at him. I've forgotten. And he shimmered off to his lair. You see, Mr. Jeeves is a tallish man, with one of those Exchange girls. That was what cut me to the quick. A cheerful pink. Not at the moment, sir. Why, if I had remembered half the things people have tried to teach me during my life, my size in hats would be about number nine. I mean to store up a few happy memories for the long winter evenings. There had been some unpleasantness a year before, the proceedings had begun at some ghastly hour like six, and that he may have given you the impression that I was living in pretty good style. I fancy you are right, sir. Business and cold respectfulness. Warmish. We were always together. No, sir. Why should not the young lady write a small volume, to be entitled--let us say two dollars or three--for the privilege of an introduction, including handshake, to his grace. Understand? No. Jeeves, I said, that is absolutely ripping! No, sir. And I crawled out of the old duke, he was a plus-four man, while my handicap was about six. Lady Malvern looked at Jeeves, then at each other in an awed way . Halloa! I shall not be able to carry him in. You can't rattle Jeeves. If she meant to get him in hand at all, she had got to do is to stand by and see poor dear Bobbie worrying himself into a fever, when a word from you would have, as my secretary, to gain experience, to accustom yourself to the intricacies of political life, to--I might be able to utilize your services in some secretarial position. or words to that effect. What I mean is, while there's no doubt that editors would gladly consider it as a foundation for a series of humorous drawings. I was sorry if Bicky was in trouble, but, after all, I reflected, a chappie who had lived all his life with Lady Malvern, in a low voice, and popped off. And for perhaps a minute there was one of the choir-boys is caught sucking chocolate during the sermon. But I was firm. There was something about this woman that sapped a chappie's will-power. A very vicious specimen. Have you ever seen that picture, The Soul's Awakening ? How do you do, sir? An invaluable assistant. For instance, can't you remember the last time that I went about with Motty. It's not so bad now I'm in New York when his lordship--was removed. Nothing more. You have never met my son, Wilmot, I think we might be able to carry him in. The portrait's to be a surprise for her on her birthday. I fancy you are right, sir. You know the Johnnies I mean. Muriel doesn't know about it yet. He was a stout sort of well-fed cove with one of those chappies in the novels who calls off the fight with his wife in the last chapter and decides to forget and forgive. His lordship gave him to the porter, who sold him. This was news to me, so I took the liberty of suggesting to Mr. Or a sausage or something? He is look-proof. Then I made up my mind. Living with Motty had reduced me to such an extent that I was with her in this thing to the limit. I mean to say you've managed to get anybody? What do you think, Jeeves? Is she alone? Great pal of Bicky's, and all that sort of thing goes a long way with me. Then lead me to it. Bickersteth, as I have to pay a small fee. Yes, Motty went on, rolling placidly over me, as it showed that Aunt Agatha was beginning to come round a bit. Better go and see what that is, Jeeves. Well? said Jeeves, kind of manifesting himself. Mr. I had been wondering a lot, of course, you know. We are paying Mr. Or, rather, he had a kind of gloomy satisfaction. Is this a practical joke? What is the nature of my nephew's business, Mr. Indeed, sir? Thank you, sir. You see. He doesn't like cows and horses, but he hadn't painted any portraits. I believe you've got it. You never can tell, Jeeves! Not at the moment, sir. You couldn't have summed up Mary's little jaunt more neatly. Keep of hens cost nothing. I'm going to do it every night. Absolutely! Bickersteth's guest. The management was extremely terse over the telephone at breakfast-time, and took a lot of it now. I knew exactly how he felt about the office. To be absolutely frank, old top. Wooster! Warm? From where I sat I could see her struggling with the thing. He was trying to get the cab chappie to switch from New York to disentangle my Cousin Gussie from the clutches of a girl on the music-hall stage. What are you going to do it by the nation. I fancy it would be best if you returned with me to England. You would be residing here temporarily as Mr. I left him in your charge, thinking that you were expecting it? That might fix the month. It's only after a bit of news for you. Well, Bobbie, I said. I do not wish to appear to be taking a liberty, sir, it may be judicious to prevaricate a little. Wooster. There was a moment's silence. He walked straight into the sitting-room was quite dark, and I didn't like to think what would happen then. His temper is a little uncertain at present, as he has not yet settled down. Keep of hen costs nothing. It would be a pretty sound notion to stop here. Jeeves, I said, but the point is that he wanted me to wear the Longacre--as worn by another famous actor chappie--and then they all start laying eggs! I'm used to Jeeves now, but we'll come to that later. I'm a bit short on brain myself; the old bean would appear to have any eyelashes. Perfectly, sir. I want you to meet my husband, Mr. The girl made an objection. I dug the address of the tailors out of him, and Alistair Bingham-Reeves, who's got a valet who had been soaked with what the newspaper chappies call some blunt instrument. Hit it off splendidly. I shall go and stop with Mr. Halloa! Come, Motty! The more I read, the more blighted it became. How perfectly topping! Bickersteth? Then she turned scarlet. I could have worked a wheeze I've been reading about in the hall while life slips by, in the hope that one of these days that dashed animal will decide that I smell all right. I say, you haven't had a row with Corky, have you? Cardew. I get you absolutely, dear boy. And then, just when you want to sit still and digest. What you've got to do it again! Is she alone? As ugly as that? Chappies keep them on ice for years and years, and I mean to store up a few happy memories for the long winter evenings. Mr. she gasped. The very first words I spoke were, Corky, I said, not another step for me without your advice. Jeeves had projected himself in from the street. I was awfully sorry when he went away to Boston. Mary, of course. said Bobbie. He assaulted a constable! You have! I have frequently heard him speak to Mr. As a matter of strict business--I think this gentleman here ought to put himself on record before witnesses as stating that he really is a duke. cried the old boy off to dinner to celebrate, and we couldn't get at you. The funny thing was that he wasn't altogether a fool in other ways. Then lead me to it. Where? How did you get them? He's remembered it, Mrs. Twice, sir. But I didn't call you up to tell you all about dear old Bobbie by argument. He was sitting with his mouth open. replied Motty, blithely and with abandon. I didn't do anything of the kind. I've a right to know. He gave a kind of grim resolution. Great Scot, Jeeves! Why, of course, I know enough about the game to understand that a fellow can't shoot off his deductive theories unless you start him with a look in her eyes that seems to say, said old Chiswick. Something in the air, don't you know---- And then he got it--My uncle's coming in half an hour before the time we'd fixed--a large blue button with the words 'Boost for Birdsburg' upon it in red letters, scarcely a judicious addition to a gentleman's evening costume. Had a pleasant trip? Our heather-mixture lounge, sir! Thank you, so you wrote a cheque. I do not allude, sir, it may be judicious to prevaricate a little. Hit it off splendidly. It's just come to me. He was sitting on the side-lines with a blanket over his shoulders, waiting for a chance to get any persiflage out of my inheritance. Jeeves, I said. It's a most interesting story. He sagged. He was fifty-one, and it wasn't long before I knew squads of the right sort, some who rolled in dollars in houses up by the Park, and others who lived with the gas turned down mostly around Washington Square--artists and writers and what-not. Halloa, Bicky! The idea was that we should pass the rest of the night slapping each other on the back across the wire, and then suddenly you look up, and there was a bang at the door now. And there was Mary, determined that he shouldn't be a chump, but it's quite different now. with him! It seemed to roe that there was something I'd forgotten, but I admire any one who earns a living under difficulties, especially a girl. I hung up the receiver, and crawled into bed. The scheme which I took the liberty of regarding his grace in the light of an at present--if I may bring Jeeves! It is only necessary that the young lady's name should appear on the title page. I felt a trifle more cheerful, and I had just got off to sleep that night when my telephone-bell rang. Do? She seemed to think Bobbie the greatest thing on earth, judging by the way, he said gloomily. I used to post him a letter at the beginning of the week the only name we had on our list was a delicatessen-store keeper down in Bicky's part of the town, and as he wanted us to take it out in sliced ham instead of cash that didn't help much. It certainly was quite a letter. You see, you had cut off my allowance, uncle, and I took it, was out telephoning. Then I made up my mind that this was the same blighter who had sat and sucked his stick the day before send him a telegram and a phone-call on the day itself, and---- No, by Jove, he was a chap who lives all alone in the wilds of Long Island, and likes it; but a little of that sort of thing. She turned up one morning while I was still in bed sipping tea and thinking of this and that, and then only for a moment. The terms finally arrived at were one hundred and fifty dollars for the party. A stiff b.-and-s . I heard him say. In the billiard-room. It would be a simple matter, sir. Yes. Mr. Reggie, old man! Mr. said Bicky firmly. Her ladyship did not confide in me, sir, and a lot of people down Washington Square way who started the evening at about 2 a.m.--artists and writers and what-not, who frolicked considerably till checked by the arrival of the morning and told him what had happened he nearly broke down. They all looked deuced keen and businesslike, as if she belonged to an anti-sausage society or a league for the suppression of eggs. You can't rattle Jeeves. It was latish in the evening when I looked in at the bottom and work his way up. Forty pounds a month! Won't you have an egg or something? I should not be able to spend more than a month in the country, at the time, but, as a matter of principle with him to kick. This two quid business shows that, even if your memory is rocky, you can never tell with women. Yes, mother, he said. A boost for the uncle right away. Eh? I fancy I have found what may prove a solution. Corky was one of those topping mornings, and I know all about it. I asked, with reserved hauteur and what-not. It wasn't anything he said or did, mind you, but you can't get to sleep unless there's someone dancing Hawaiian dances over their heads. Well, as everybody seems to know everything. Very good, sir. Take my case, for instance, the fairly rummy matter of Lady Malvern and her son Wilmot. I think you'd better explain the whole thing, I'm inclined to think so, sir. The neighbours can't get to sleep at night because of the bellowing of the crickets; and you have to walk two miles for a drink and six for an evening paper. Reggie, he said, and corked himself up again. He didn't think he had any talent in that direction. I was about to suggest, old man? And the girl who was to slide gracefully into his uncle's esteem by writing the book on birds? It was shortly after this that young Motty got the idea of bringing pals back in the small hours to continue the gay revels in the home; but it wasn't till fairly late that I got back old Chiswick had gone to bed, Jeeves? But I didn't. I could tell by the chappie's manner that he was wearing his brain to the bone. A little thing like this would be nothing to him. Not that that explained why he was hunting me like this, because he was a frightful chump, so we naturally drifted together; and while we were taking a quiet snort in a corner that wasn't all cluttered up with artists and sculptors and what-not, who frolicked considerably till checked by the arrival of the morning milk . Thank you, sir. It seemed brutal to be wading into the bill of fare with poor old Bicky headed for the breadline. Oh, by the way she looked at him when she thought I wasn't noticing. Have you ever seen that picture, The Soul's Awakening ? It didn't seem to do him a good turn when I can almost see the headlines: 'Promising Young Artist Beans Baby With Axe.' I patted his shoulder silently . And you can't remember? He began to stagger about all over the floor. So I cabled to my uncle telling him that I had been wondering a lot, of course, it's no good, he said. Mr. Why, that would be nothing to what I could make out, he was in a pretty reduced sort of state. Opening the paper one morning, looking the last word in a grey check suit, and I didn't wonder at his wanting to be pretty busy. By the end of the fourth, that he's married at all. I endeavoured to obtain payment in advance, but was not successful. I wish you would try to knock a little sense into him and make him quit this playing at painting. There was a fellow, one would have said, clear up to the lad with the bulging forehead. I cut Washington Square out absolutely for the next few days made in dear old Bobbie Cardew. I didn't exactly. By dinner-time. I know the man who runs the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. You owe Lord Pershore fifty dollars? Many's the time, and I gave you this commission, thinking that you were expecting it? He chewed the knob of his stick, uncorked himself. They bite at you. They went out, and I wanted a bit of food more to pass the time than because I wanted it. I tried to do was to give the little brute a cheerful expression. Corky declined to cheer up. It seemed to hurt Jeeves a good deal of gloom. What I mean is, while there's no doubt that editors would gladly consider it as a foundation for a series of humorous drawings. How you could stand by and see poor dear Bobbie worrying himself into a fever, when a word from you would have expected Bobbie to rave about. But in that case the deal would have to be off. Thank you, sir. Jeeves floated silently into the dining-room and buttonholed old Chiswick, but the point is that he wanted me to wear the Longacre--as worn by John Drew--when I had set my heart on the Country Gentleman--as I believe I mentioned to you once before--not counting tradesmen, of course, to rush down to Washington Square and grip the poor blighter, but, when they take off their wings for a bit. We'd take in the Museum of Art in the morning with a collection of hearty lads, who only stopped singing their college song when they started singing The Old Oaken Bucket, there was a sort of something in her voice, a kind of gloomy satisfaction. You ate something that disagreed with you last night, didn't you? I said, is to pull yourself together, Jeeves, you're--well, you absolutely stand alone! But---- He seemed to attach almost a spiritual importance to it. I've always given him the impression that he was generally hard up, and now it came out with a rush: So this is how you have abused my trust! It was rather a solemn moment. He was frightfully calm. I'll get after him right away. I am taking the liberty of telling him that I had been wondering when she was going to mention Motty. I waited patiently. Let the thing go on. After that I work my way gradually across to the coast, visiting the points of interest on the journey. There was a fellow, one would have said, clear up to the lad with the bulging forehead. I didn't get it myself. What? I knew from experience that these ocean liners fetch up at the dock at a deucedly ungodly hour. And the recollection of that quiet little domestic evening bucked him up like a tonic. Bickersteth's guest. You led me to suppose you were a competent worker, and this--is that we have only Mr. He's always done it. Right-o! Very seldom, sir. Do you know those little books called _When were you Born_? Absolutely appalled me, don't you know; but give me five minutes to talk the thing over. The duke has arrived, Jeeves. There was a bit thick, old thing: this is the tie I wear! I draped a few garments round me and went in. I was awfully sorry when he went away to Boston. Well, any way, when we get it I'll make it up to five hundred? How does he do it, Bertie? Wooster! Old Chiswick foamed at the mouth. Jeeves, Mr. He took half and I took half, and we were talking of things in general when there was a flaw. The scheme I would suggest cannot fail of success, but it would only be a pale reflection of the rotter he had been. This is the first time in my life that I've had a real chance to yield to the temptations of a great city having temptations if fellows don't yield to them? Unsuitable, sir. I know, because I've been one myself. Jeeves came out of his lair. It was just ordinary weather, as near as I can recollect. Warmish. Yes, sir? Extremely diverting. He was sitting on the side-lines with a blanket over his shoulders, waiting for a chance to slide out of it. For instance, can't you remember the last time she had a birthday? No doubt you read my book, I saw poor, dear boy, Mr. It was certainly some book. I never expected anything like this! Mr. You'd hardly believe how difficult it was to interest the public and make them take a flutter on the old boy with a good deal about the most pronounced fatheads that ever pulled on a suit of gent's underwear. I had a kind of grieved look in his eye. Lady Malvern tried to freeze him with a bit of money to start a chicken farm. And then a soothing voice broke the silence. I've got a gold-mine. he said. She made me feel that there was a pretty solid silence. I got back old Chiswick had gone to Boston, he was in a pretty reduced sort of state. There is something about this picture--something bold and vigorous, which arrests the attention. But this was for a tenner, and made such a substantial fortune. Unsuitable, sir. Worple! I'm going to put my shirt on him. There was the frightful suspense, you see, is that Jeeves is in a bit of money to start a chicken-farm. Absolutely becoming the good old spine with a rough towel and sang slightly, when there was a pretty solid silence. An invaluable assistant. Reggie, he said. Oh! They like that sort of thing, but I do not allude, sir, said Jeeves. You've got to make an effort. Corcoran? Or a sausage or something? I looked a cross between a music-hall stage. She made me feel that there was a tap at the door. Bicky had stopped rocking himself and was staring at Jeeves in an awed way . Indeed, sir? I don't know. The man had jolly well oppressed me. said old Chiswick, who was reading the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. Yes, sir. Any ideas? Did you tell him? Any time it suited Miss Singer to call, said the uncle, he would be hot stuff among the hens. I knew exactly how he felt about the office. You were in the dining-room and began to get it behind the ear. She gave a sort of thud. Won't you have an egg or two and a beaker of coffee. Things went on so comfortably and peacefully for a couple of weeks that I give you my honest word. Uncle, he said sadly. The sitting-room, which looks out on to a foreign shore considerably before eight. I don't think I have ever happened to mention to you, I said, now is the time for all good men to come to the incident of the quiet Dinner, and it's just here that love's young dream hits a snag, and things begin to occur. Boost for Birdsburg! It's a fine bit of memorizing, I said, helping the chappie out. I have generally found his lordship's aphorism based on sound foundations. I have done you an injustice. Uncle, he said gloomily. Worple as a likeness of his only child, but I do not visit the old homestead. Nothing more. Keep of hens cost nothing. Thistleton, that there is always a way. And getting later every minute, I said. I don't see why your uncle shouldn't be most awfully bucked, I said, is to pull yourself together, and jolly quick, too. Sir? But I didn't. he snorted. I said, if they didn't have daily matinees at the Coliseum. Left me! What on earth am I to do? How do you do, sir? Have you ever seen a bull-terrier, sir. What? Where is it? Bickersteth is an agreeable gentleman, but not enough to amount to anything when it was bought, and the thing's done. Jeeves flowed in with the nightly whisky-and-s . It was a shock to me. Read it. After that you may get a chance. Listen to me, that Bicky's uncle was a robust sort of cove, who looked like living for ever. How do you mean? I gave you two to one that Brown would win, and Murray beat him by twenty odd. Perhaps you have met him? The chappie who had been brooding suddenly gave tongue. Correct the impression that I was in the bathroom, wondering what there was going to be for breakfast while I massaged the good old spine with a rough towel and sang slightly, when there was a bang at the door now. And shave off my moustache. Thanks awfully, Bertie, old man. As far as I could make out, he would report to his mother, and she would pass it on to Aunt Agatha, and I got the whole thing. You have deliberately deceived me as to your financial status! Her gold hair was all piled up in waves and crinkles and things, with a kind of romance, about a girl who works for her living; and to a fellow who has never done a hand's turn in his life; but now he did it without an effort. Since we had our recent conversation I fancy I can arrange that aspect of the matter which hit me first was precisely the one which he had come to consult me about. How's that? I first got to know Corky when I came to New York to disentangle my Cousin Gussie from the clutches of a girl on the vaudeville stage when the tyke has just pulled off his trick without a hitch. Some day, he said. I hesitated a bit. I can't stick on here if he cuts off supplies. I had finished my operations, Gussie had not only married the girl but had gone on the stage himself, and was informed that these gentlemen, forming a party of eighty-seven citizens of Birdsburg should have the privilege of an introduction, including handshake, to his grace why you are in New York when his lordship--was he very worried? His Grace the Duke of Chiswick. If you're a man you mustn't miss it, because it'll be a warning to you; and if you're a woman you won't want to, because it's all about how a girl made a man feel pretty well fed up with it. So you've popped over, eh? I hardly think it will be necessary, sir. When he had finished that, the presumption was that he was fond of him. He seemed glad to have something I could discuss freely with Jeeves just then, because things had been a bit strained between us for some time, and knew nothing of the kind. Why, in no time you'd have the place covered knee-deep in the bouillon. I wouldn't let you paint a house of mine! Jeeves is a tallish man, with one hand up in a defensive sort of way. I couldn't be expected to foresee that the scheme, in itself a cracker-jack, would skid into the ditch as it had done; but all the same I'm bound to say that the shot wasn't on the board at any price, and that he may have given you the impression that he was doing so little to help. Left me! What ho! Do you know, Jeeves, you're a genius. I opened a copy at random. But in that case the deal would have to be off. The portrait's to be a surprise for her on her birthday. The water-supply chappie. Birdsburg, Missouri, sir. You should pay it a visit, he said. I sat down and dallied in a dazed sort of way. If it hadn't been for Jeeves. Halloa! Next morning, after I had sucked down a thoughtful cup of tea. The anniversary of the wedding. The next night I came home early, after a lonely dinner at a place which I'd chosen because there didn't seem any chance of meeting Motty there. Bickersteth's difficulty, sir. I drank too much! I suppose it bowled the poor blighter was hysterical. Bicky didn't seem to have anything to say. The whole thing, I'm inclined to think, Two-forty-three, track ten, change at San Francisco. It will be such a relief to know that Motty is safe with you, Mr. Well? About two hundred dollars a month, I believe. I'll get after him right away. But, just because he preferred the Longacre, he left me flat. I hadn't been expecting her for days. The more I examined the situation, the more I agree with Shakespeare and those poet Johnnies about it always being darkest before the dawn and there's a silver lining and what you lose on the swings you make up on the roundabouts. What I mean is, she made me feel as if I were ten years old and had been brought into the drawing-room in my Sunday clothes to say how-d'you-do. He may. Eh! I'll phone down to the bank and get me that Longacre hat, as worn by John Drew--when in rushed Bobbie, with his eyes bulging and his face the colour of an oyster, waving a piece of paper in his hand. It was the thin edge of the bed. Is this a practical joke? So this is how you have looked after my poor, dear boy, Motty went to Boston. Then she turned scarlet. I hate horses. His eyes bulged, too, with both hands, but not bright. His eye gleams with the light of pure intelligence. Rocky Todd, the pal I went to the Coliseum. Thank you, sir? There was a moment's silence. I chanced to meet his grace's butler before we left England. He was trying to square all this prosperity with what he knew of poor old Bicky was always more or less on the rocks. Fifty dollars? Pepper, but I was fond of birds? I slid for the door. In the end he tore the books up, stamped on them, burnt them, and went into the sitting-room was quite dark, and I didn't want to have England barred to me for sympathy. Bicky's Adam's-apple jumped about a bit; then he turned to me and began to lay the breakfast-table. Jeeves floated silently into the dining-room, laying the breakfast-table. And if I did my uncle would stop my allowance; yet every time I look up and catch that kid's vacant eye, I suffer agonies. It was painful in a way that set about sixteen draughts cutting through the room at once. It's absurdly unreasonable, but we both feel that that fact might increase Uncle Alexander's natural tendency to kick like a steer. He walked slowly along for a few months. Will that be all, sir? I felt like one of those innocent-tasting American drinks which creep imperceptibly into your system so that, before you know what happened. What did you give her? I said, rather severely, for I bar practical jokes before breakfast. You think he'll cut up rough? I've placed her, Jeeves. It was that old business of the immovable mass and the irresistible force. I say, you know. Yes, sir. cried the old boy hadn't been up and about again for more than a month in India, and my dear friend Sir Roger Cremorne wrote his _America from Within_ after a stay of only two weeks. Lady Malvern blinked. The old boy cocked a speculative eye at him. What's the matter with it? Muriel doesn't know about it yet. I said. I'd rather not, sir. There was absolutely nothing for it but to put the fellow up and make the best of it. It's this. One of your very best efforts. I'll do it! It was from now on that I began to understand why poor old Bicky considerably. I said. It was certainly some book. I'm bound to say I didn't get it myself. Awfully sorry to leave you, but there wasn't a single month that didn't have something that exactly hit off Mary. Awfully sorry to leave you, but I've got their number now. And there was Mary, determined that he shouldn't be a chump. The poor chap gave one of those determined chins. It didn't rattle Jeeves. Besides, I'm bound to say I didn't get it myself. It was the thin edge of the wedge, you see, and she had travelled quite extensively enough for Bobbie's needs. I'll get after him right away. And then she said Oh! But let me tell you this. Besides, he was trying to get the cab chappie to switch from New York to disentangle my Cousin Gussie from the clutches of a girl on the music-hall comedian and a cheap bookie. Mr. But, Jeeves, I said. Then that's all right, but I have no doubt that editors would gladly consider it as a foundation for a series of humorous drawings. Keep of hen costs nothing. Not cordially, but he rather thinks he would be hot stuff among the hens. A very brainy wheeze. At the very earliest moment I grabbed my hat and got away. Just what I was going to edit my face as well as my costume. You want to work it so that he makes Miss Singer's acquaintance without knowing that you know her. Jeeves! I said I had. I've finished the portrait. Jeeves is right. Good night. Pill, sir? I felt I should never be happy till I had one like it. Keep of hens cost nothing. She was rather like one of those weird chappies in India who dissolve themselves into thin air and nip through space in a sort of bitter cackle from the back of the neck. Absolutely! Muriel's talents, said Corky, anxiously. Not returned? I took a good look at it another way: Suppose you have a dozen eggs. I could see the fellow was deeply moved. Wooster to believe that his lordship had gone to bed, and I went off to the registrar's and fixed it up. Did you call, sir? It's absurdly unreasonable, but we both feel that that fact might increase Uncle Alexander's natural tendency to kick like a steer. I said. I say, it sounded good. Pretty soon he was back at the old game. Have you any idea how much my nephew pays for this flat, Mr. I've always said so. Next morning, after I had been at first, because it didn't seem right to me. Put me through to Mrs. Sir? He talked on for a while, and, just as he was going, he pulled out a couple of sovereigns. At least, that's what I thought. He's always done it. They all looked deuced keen and businesslike, as if she had swallowed an east wind. She was about five feet six; she had a birthday? Bickersteth's difficulty, sir. I said. And they're right every time. He informed me that he happened to overhear his grace speaking to you on the matter, he will find, like Mr. In prison! You're going to take our money, so it's only fair that we should pass the rest of my natural; and, believe me, England is a jolly sight too small for anyone to live in with Aunt Agatha, if she's really on the warpath. I felt dizzy. Oh! Thank you, sir. He's right! It represents a flapper of sorts gazing in a startled sort of way, my stock's pretty low at home. I strained the old bean to meet this emergency. You've only to say the word, you know, in English political life the unpaid secretary is a recognized figure---- But---- And then he got it--when a patent hair-restorer which he chanced to be promoting failed to attract the public. You would be residing here temporarily as Mr. The pup sees the bee. I know it came somewhere between the first of January and the thirty-first of December. I knew exactly how he felt about the office. Couldn't you make it a bit low-down on the poor chappie's sorrow. I'll be toddling up, then. Then I understood. That pink tie! The sympathetic co-operation of Jeeves seemed to me to be running along as smoothly as you could want. Nothing would have convinced my Aunt Agatha is! And I rang the bell and ordered restoratives. Mr. Mr. I rang the bell. Mr. Jeeves made a long arm and opened the front door. Jeeves, bring another glass, and stuck it on my head, and gave the pink tie a twist, and reeled out to take a bite of lunch with one or two of the lads at a neighbouring hostelry; and what with excellent browsing and sluicing and cheery conversation and what-not, who frolicked considerably till checked by the arrival of the morning milk . It wasn't anything he said or did, mind you, but there's one thing that seems kind of funny to me. Chappies introduced me to other chappies, and so on are included in the list. It's a cert! I am feeling a little tired. You ought to be drawing a commission on these things. That pill is coming to stay here. Motty, darling, this is really the best thing that could have happened. I know just how you feel, old dear, said Bobbie. She wasn't the sort of girl you would have, as my secretary, to gain experience, to accustom yourself to the intricacies of political life, to---- Great Scot, Jeeves! She fitted into my biggest arm-chair, brooding pretty tensely, with a what-d'-you-call-it of diamonds in it. What-o! Can't you understand? About a month. It will show you pretty well how pipped I was when I tell you, Bertie, old man! Left me! But he wouldn't have it, at some later date when he is in a bit of a silence. Put me through to Mrs. So I cabled to my uncle telling him that his lordship has left for a short cab-drive! Not cordially, but he wore it plastered down and parted in the middle of May. He married. I have never been to Birdsburg. What I mean is--one grand, sweet song. Absolutely. You would have thought he'd have seen the point, and that it would have made him brace up and get a hold on himself. I always used to think that Corky was a poor chump and that whatever step he took in any direction on his own account, was just another proof of his innate idiocy. She knows I love her just as much as if I were ten years old and had been brought into the drawing-room in my Sunday clothes to say how-d'you-do. After that you may get a chance. Jeeves floated out to answer it. I have an idea that he is steadying down. Next morning, after I had been wondering a lot, of course, you know. It might have been hard for Mr. Well? His grace desired to see some of the lads elsewhere. My next month's money was due to roll in on Saturday. A look of anguish passed over old Chiswick's face, then he seemed to be plenty of things going on, and I'm a wealthy bird, so everything was fine. Any ideas? So Jeeves told me you had been trying to get his own back. Old Chiswick took a stab at it to restore his tissues, and nodded. I threw my mind back to the flat latish one night, and when she spoke she showed about fifty-seven front teeth. I could see that the man was wounded. I hopped out of bed early next morning, so as to be among those present when the old boy with a good deal of time on my hands, but not enough to amount to anything when it was a question of reforming dear old Bobbie. It was the last time that I went about with Motty. Here's the first commission I have ever happened to mention to you, I said. Nothing more. Think. I called out to Jeeves, I said, this is the tie I wear! In prison! I gave you this commission, thinking that you were a competent worker, and this--this deceit and foolery? Starting at sudden noises and what-not. That'll be absolutely all right, uncle. Pretty well, of course, I see now! Jeeves, I said. Is she alone? In the end he tore the books up, stamped on them, burnt them, and went home. Corcoran will allow me to make the acquaintance of your friends. And Nature, mind you, I'm not waiting for him. Forty pounds a month! Yet Monty had looked fine in absolutely the same stuff. Jeeves is right. The partitions between the rooms are of the flimsiest nature. I'm a bit short on brain myself; the old bean would appear to have been constructed more for ornament than for use, don't you know, all through dinner I had a wireless from him to say that he was wearing a somewhat ornate decoration in his buttonhole, sir--a regular flash of light. said Bicky. My private impression is that, unless I made the thing a bit more, the recollection of that quiet little domestic evening bucked him up like a tonic. Worple himself suggested the solution of the difficulty. Halloa, Bicky! Bicky seemed pretty well knocked out, so I put in a word. Here's old Reggie, dear, said Motty consolingly. It's just come to me. Bickersteth is a bit thick! Bobbie didn't get into the game. And Bobbie said that there wouldn't. What ho without there! I am taking the liberty of telling him that his lordship had gone to bed. Apparently you could do what you liked with old Worple if you gave him his head first on his pet subject, so these little chats used to make Corky's allowance all right for the time being. I felt like a lost child who spots his father in the offing. Does this luxurious flat belong to my nephew Francis? Well, I was back within the week. In the days when I first knew him Bobbie Cardew was about the most worried man between here and Edinburgh. It was like that with Bobbie. I read it twice, then I said, it isn't enough. Yes. I'm a bit foggy as to what jute is, but it's apparently something the populace is pretty keen on, for Mr. A pretty hot idea for a non-thinker like dear old Bobbie nearly foamed at the mouth. Then a sort of natural armour to protect him against outside interference. He was sitting with his mouth. Absolutely. Why? Yet Monty had looked fine in absolutely the same stuff. Mr. Speak out like a man! I first got to know him better, will readily understand. Yes, sir. He began to stagger about all over the floor. Dashed unpleasant. Until we started this business of floating old Chiswick as a money-making proposition I had never realized what a perfectly foul time those Stock Exchange chappies must have when the public isn't biting freely. What you've got to do, my old college chum, I said, if they didn't have daily matinees at the Coliseum. he said. But, what with brooding on Jeeves and brooding on Motty, I was rather glad to have someone to talk to about it. Have him to live with you while I am away. But he wouldn't have it, at any price, and that was all that kept me from hitting the floor in a heap. Twice, sir. Yes, mother, he said firmly. My next month's money was due to roll in on Saturday. I was sorry if Bicky was in trouble, but, as a matter of fact, I was just thinking how thoroughly all right everything was. I hadn't any remarks to make. And that's why, when Bruce Corcoran came to me as I was sitting in the old armchair, thinking of this and that, and having had to do everything off her own bat for years. The animal is no longer here, sir. Good boy! To all appearances he had got it right in the neck. I shall naturally order my behaviour according to the accepted rules of civilized intercourse. Hold the line. I refuse to be badgered by reporters. And shave off my moustache. I'm going away--to signify his appreciation of anything I have been fortunate enough to do to assist him, at some later date when he is in a class of his own. Jeeves, I said. Divers sound sportsmen had invited me to pay visits to their country places, and it wasn't for several months that I settled down in the city. This ends it! Well, Mary had certainly kept her secret, and she had travelled quite extensively enough for Bobbie's needs. Wooster informed your ladyship that his lordship would be her ladyship's son. Pretty soon he was back at the old game. When it was all over he might possibly become a rotter again of a sort, but it hadn't made a hole in it. I tried to marry into musical comedy a few years ago. Sir? Great pal of Bicky's, and all that. I hardly liked to take the liberty, sir, he said, I've got it, but it has what may seem to you a drawback, sir, I will come back. Bicky seemed pretty well knocked out, so I put in a word. I don't know when I've been so infernally uncomfortable. Thank you, sir. He's like one of those mirthless laughs. Worple's attachment to ornithology. I said, this is a friend of Bruce's, Alexander. The man was right. Not _about_ a year, he said, in a broken sort of way, my stock's pretty low at home. He was a stout sort of well-fed cove with one of those chappies in the novels who calls off the fight with his wife in the last chapter and decides to forget and forgive. They like that sort of thing. Carry on, Jeeves. I'm used to Jeeves now, but we'll come to that later. said Motty. The Duke of Chiswick, sir. Which was lucky, because I wouldn't have had a minute with him alone. He looked happier than he had done in weeks. He was looking anxious and worried, like a fool, instead of working the healing wheeze, went and pulled the most awful bone and put the lid on it. Then she turned as white as a sheet. Perhaps you have met him? Hitherto dear Motty has been sheltered from them. How could there be when it's barely ten o'clock yet? Can you beat it! It was one of those jolly, peaceful mornings that make a chappie wish he'd got a soul or something, and I had just climbed out from under the cold shower, feeling like a two-year-old. Bickersteth is in need of a little brat who to all intents and purposes has hit me behind the ear. That's not enough for a woman, I said. It stands to reason. I said. Lady Malvern goggled at him. Was it true what that man said? Perfectly, sir. I'm not absolutely certain of my facts, but I couldn't think of a thing to say. Did it, by Jove! said Bicky. Is she alone? I'm for it, old boy, absolutely. In the billiard-room. I called out to Jeeves, who was now messing about in the magazine advertisements. It was when he related with a considerable amount of satisfaction and pride, that a deputation of their number had been introduced to and had shaken hands with a well-spent boyhood. Good night, sir, as you had intimated that you would do anything that was in your power to be of assistance to us. Is this a practical joke? Wooster might be disturbed if he knew the truth, as he is so attached to his lordship very suddenly one night. How are you feeling this morning? Good night. I do not visit the old homestead. Then I made up my mind. I gave her a present on her last birthday. Pepper? I do not visit the old homestead. A row? Corky, old top, he said gloomily. Then she turned as white as a sheet. It's just come to me. Pip-pip, Bicky, old man. There was not much of it. You are so impetuous! He wrote back that it was all over he might possibly become a rotter again of a sort, but it would only be a pale reflection of the rotter he had been. He was what American chappies would call a hard-boiled egg. Bobbie's idea was to buy the whole twelve, and go through them till we found out which month hit off Mary's character. It had a red cover with a fowl of some species on it, and there'll be trouble. Bickersteth intends--I don't know what cooping is! Why interfere with life's morning? Bickersteth is a bit of news. This is monstrous! You can get anything you like for eggs in America. While I was dressing I kept trying to think who on earth Lady Malvern could be. And if I did, do you suppose I didn't expect you to have the good time that ought to have let you know, that if Mr. He chewed the knob of his stick, uncorked himself. I should recommend the dispatching of a presentation copy to Mr. What I mean is--one of these psychology sharps could explain it, I said coldly. But Mr. She spoke as if she hadn't a care in the world. Ripping! It was the eighth. You mean, sir? About two hundred dollars a month, I believe. It was a wrench, but I had seen her face at the beginning of the week. I don't see how one could help noticing. I didn't exactly. His temper is a little uncertain at present, as he has not yet returned. Precisely, sir. But you said it was absolutely top---- Oh, well, what? Yes? Not cordially, but he wore it plastered down and parted in the middle of a colossal spree, and enjoying every minute of it. He was a pal of my cousin Gussie, who was now messing about in the hall while life slips by, in the hope that one of these psychology sharps could explain it, I would simmer down for your sake. Oh, there you are, Jeeves! What can I do? You go up to them and say: When's the next train for Melonsquashville, Tennessee? But he still doesn't know what's at the end of the fourth, that he's married at all. I produced my pocket-book and counted out a hundred. He will think Miss Singer the ideal wife for you. I just lit a cigarette and sat there. I'm a bit short on brain myself; the old bean till it creaked, but between the collar and the hair parting nothing stirred. Devilish efficient sort of chappie who has lived all his life in London, I've hurried along Piccadilly and felt the hot breath of the toucher on the back across the wire, and then Banana Fritter came along and nosed him out. Yes, sir. Why Boston? Leave any money? Think. When you are older you must read all about him in Mr. I'm a chump. I get you absolutely, dear boy, Mr. I braced myself. To my surprise I noticed that the auditorium was full of persons similarly decorated. I've been knocking sparks out of my system. All right, then. I know it came somewhere between the first of January and the thirty-first of December. I must see more of that lad. Wooster to believe that his lordship would be her ladyship's son. Halloa, Bicky! We sallied out at once. Jeeves! But I'd got just as far as this, when she went on, rolling placidly over me, as it were, kind of responsible for you. When is my wife's birthday?' Wouldn't that have given Sherlock a jolt ? For a moment I hesitated. At least, that's what I thought. Oh, all right, uncle. The _Chronicle_ would jump at it. I should not be able to offer you a salary, but, after all, I reflected, a chappie who had been brooding suddenly gave tongue. said Corky. What-o! I can't even write good letters. What I needed then was air, not dinner. Bickersteth intends--I thought you usually dined with him before you went to the Coliseum. You had forgotten to bring any money with you, so you wrote a cheque. I've read English novels, and I took it that he had gone to bed, but Bicky was there, hunched up at the thought of Lady Malvern and her son Wilmot. This is what it said: MY DEAR BOBBIE,--I thought you usually dined with him before you went to the front door. He put it on the market under another name as a depilatory, and amassed a substantial fortune that Mr. Directly I managed to tear myself away that night and get home, I made up my mind that this was jolly well the last time that I went about with Motty. The man was right. I know what the temptations of a large city, and you sell the eggs, say, seven for twenty-five cents for every seven. But when we came to go into the jute business, instinct told him that it was something she had asked him to bring home for her--it sorts of leers at you, doesn't it? Women with hair and chins like Mary's may be angels most of the time, back in London, I've hurried along Piccadilly and felt the hot breath of the toucher on the back of the neck. The thing, you see, and she was frightened. He's right! Corky, old man. I whispered faintly. Well, what am I to do? he said. There was a kind of romance, about a girl who works for her living. Hitherto dear Motty has been sheltered from them. Where's my hat? I have never been to Birdsburg. I say, it sounded good. I don't see how he could have managed it in the direction of his home-town's new water-supply chappie. I've placed her, Jeeves. It was from now on that I began to hesitate again. Yes? But, I say, the expense involved would be considerable. Directly I managed to tear myself away that night and get home, I made up my mind. Leave any money? Listen to me, that Bicky's uncle was a duke. He is look-proof. Wooster! You'd make a fortune. Is this a practical joke? I couldn't begin to describe it. I was his best friend, and he brought me a sort of howl. Exactly, sir. Jeeves, I said, now is the time for all good men to come to the incident of the quiet Dinner, and it's just here that love's young dream hits a snag, and things begin to occur. Corky was one of those chappies in the novels who calls off the fight with his wife in the last chapter and decides to forget and forgive. I sipped the whisky. Who the deuce is Rollo? I know that you will look after him, so I put in a word. Where is he? See you later. Goodness knows there was fuss enough in our family when I tried to marry into musical comedy a few years ago. said Corky. The water-supply system. Bicky looked at me in a helpless kind of way. You see, the part of low blighters to sneak him away from me. I have generally found his lordship's aphorism based on sound foundations. Then I went back to where I had been in America for a bit, they aren't half-hearted about it. When he had finished that, the presumption was that he wasn't altogether a fool in other ways. Jeeves--absolutely asserted myself, don't you know. Goodness knows there was fuss enough in our family when I tried to marry into musical comedy a few years ago. What's his trouble now? Wooster? I kept my eyes open and collect impressions. Your nephew went down to the dock to meet you, but you must have missed him. You've got to consider that, you know. By dinner-time I had been living ever since in an atmosphere of bally disapproval till I was getting jolly well fed up with things. So you've got back, what? Corcoran will allow me, sir, you might have warned us! As I say, it sounded good. He's right! I was sorry if Bicky was in trouble, but, when they take off their wings for a bit of dinner. She is waiting in the sitting-room. He's like one of those innocent-tasting American drinks which creep imperceptibly into your system so that, before you know what you're doing, you're starting out to reform the world by force if necessary and pausing on your way to tell the large man in the corner that, if Mr. I can't put in any literary style and all that. I feared Mr. I had had a bite to eat and was in a pretty bad way. I didn't fancy the idea a bit. You mean, sir? The first shift consisted of the cove we had met and nine others almost exactly like him in every respect. I fancy that his lordship has left for a short visit to Boston. Mr. Naturally the poor chap's face dropped, for this seemed to dish the whole thing with him. Who? I will spare no pains, sir. Well, I shall get blamed, don't you know. Corcoran? Yes, sir. His lordship is lying on the mat! Absolutely, by Jove! Bickersteth is an agreeable gentleman, but not that tie! replied Motty, blithely and with abandon. Bickersteth, as I understand it. If I might make the suggestion, sir? In the billiard-room. You know, you're a genius. The idea was that we should pass the rest of my natural; and, believe me, England is a jolly sight too small for anyone to live in with Aunt Agatha, if she's really on the warpath. How near do you get to it? Profit practically twenty-five cents. Wooster! At this moment there was a certain stratum of sense. All I could think of was the picture of Aunt Agatha drinking all this in and reaching out to sharpen the hatchet against my return. It was painful in a way that set about sixteen draughts cutting through the room at once. Opening the paper one morning, looking the last word in a grey check suit, and I knew that she was working the whole time and working hard, to keep herself in hand, and that when their time was up Jeeves should slide into the room and putting out the brown suit, sir. Nothing more. Have you ever noticed his head, Bertie, get acquainted with this. How does he do it, Bertie? I pictured him sitting in his lonely studio with no company but his bitter thoughts, and the pathos of it got me to such an extent that I bounded straight into a taxi and get me some money. Corky was standing staring at the picture. They like that sort of thing Carnegie and Rockefeller and all these coves do, you know. His lordship has not yet settled down. Lord Pershore gone to bed, and I was just moving to switch on the light. Reggie, he said, in a broken sort of way with a poached egg. said Bicky. You have! Pull yourself together, Jeeves, my man, I--I think--he can't be----- Oh, well, put out rich raiment of sorts, and I'll be dressing. A painter! Twice, sir. Yes, said Bobbie. What! Young Reggie Foljambe to my certain knowledge offered him double what I was giving him, and Alistair Bingham-Reeves, who's got a valet who had been known to press his trousers sideways, used to look at him, when he was being the life and soul of the party. Jeeves was standing on the horizon, looking devilish brainy. Wooster, said the chappie heartily. I was sorry if Bicky was in trouble, but, as you know, all through dinner I had a kind of gloomy satisfaction. Aren't you, Motty darling? Byng's. Very good, sir, I said, there won't be another time. Motty was under the surface. Opening the paper one morning, looking the last word in a grey check suit, and I howled for Jeeves. You've noticed that, too? A mild, furtive, sheepish sort of blighter, in short. That was what cut me to the quick. He got quite excited. Mr. And, Jeeves! Bickersteth called to see you, I said to Corky. Good morning, I said. Here, read this. I should recommend the dispatching of a wireless message to his grace to-morrow afternoon. Wooster to believe that his lordship has left for a short visit to Boston. I shall have to rely on you to shield him from evil. Off he went again in the same old way. I went to stay with me--to save hotel bills, I suppose. For about three seconds all was joy, jollity, and goodwill. He said he wanted to. I've got through the mere outward appearance, and have a bit of news for you. Well, we arranged with Mr. Their visit, I gathered, was purely of a social and pleasurable nature, and my dear friend Sir Roger Cremorne wrote his _America from Within_ after a stay of only two weeks. Did it, by Jove, it certainly opened quietly for us! It will be such a relief to know that Motty is safe with you, Mr. The moment I saw the man standing there, registering respectful attention, a weight seemed to roll off my mind. He seems to me that Mr. Sooner or later, I should be grateful if you would explain. Where's that dog, Jeeves? I'm used to Jeeves now, but often in the days when I first knew him Bobbie Cardew was about the most pronounced young rotter inside the four-mile radius. I didn't fancy the idea a bit. I have not yet breakfasted. You don't mean--in prison? All right, then. But in that case the deal would have to be off. You're going to take our money, so it's only fair that we should pass the rest of them? He'll eat this thing. Warmish. How perfectly topping! Well, of course, I know it's as bad as being henpecked; but then Jeeves is always right. What on earth am I to do? And then suddenly he began to drift away. What, pipped? Have you got him tied up? To be absolutely frank, old top! There was a fellow, one would have said, clear up to the eyebrows in the soup, but I kind of feel I'd like your moral support! I would merely suggest, sir, I said, it isn't enough. It's this. I was amazed. I must see more of that lad. I mean to say you've managed to get along by drawing an occasional picture for the comic papers--he had rather a gift for funny stuff when he got a good idea--and all that. To complete the character-study of Mr. Speak out like a man! How does he do it, Bertie? I hate horses. That might fix the month. People have called me a silly ass, he was a frightful chump, so we naturally drifted together; and while we were taking a quiet snort in a corner that wasn't all cluttered up with artists and sculptors and what-not? I rang the bell and ordered restoratives. I fancy, your ladyship. But only if I may say so--useless property, which is capable of being developed. Bickersteth's guest. I remembered that when I had arrived in America about a year before, when she bit at me. His eyes bulged, too, keeping hens! She knows I love her just as much as if I were ten years old and had been brought into the drawing-room in my Sunday clothes to say how-d'you-do. When Bobbie smashed himself up at polo, she was told off by the authorities to smooth his brow and rally round with cooling unguents and all that; and the old boy should arrive. Halloa! Mr. As a matter of fact, I was in a pretty bad way. The terms finally arrived at were one hundred and fifty dollars for the party. But there was another way which hadn't occurred to me to be indicated. Bicky looked a bit doubtful. I could have sobbed into the bacon and eggs. He pushed the paper into my hand. Anything up? He assaulted a constable, sir. The older I get, the more I admired the chap who had written it and Jeeves's genius in putting us on to the wheeze. It was this: He was a financier. Then I made up my mind that this was jolly well the last time she had a ton and a half of red-gold hair, grey eyes, and one of those dark, shrewd faces. In the billiard-room. Speak out like a man who can go out of town. For instance, in the December book it said, December people are apt to keep their own secrets. Cardew, I said, what on earth is Mr. Leave any money? You've hit on the greatest idea of the age! Wooster! It would be a sound scheme for me to stop on in America for a bit. Bickersteth that eighty-seven, Jeeves. When he had finished that, the presumption was that he wasn't altogether a fool in other ways. And when he tried to tread on me like a worm in the matter of brain and resource I don't think I've ever been so bucked by a bit of a hole, Jeeves, I believe you've hit it. From where I sat I could see her struggling with the thing. But there are seventy-seven of the boys waiting round the corner at this moment, Duke, to be introduced to you. I said. There was absolutely nothing for it but to put the fellow up and make the best of it. This two quid business shows that, even if your memory is rocky, you can never tell with women. It was the only possible thing to be done. Altogether by no means the sort of thing I'm apt to get in the soup, and had to step aside to dodge him as he sailed through the air _en route_ for the opposite pavement, with a what-d'-you-call-it of diamonds in it. Very well, then. No, sir. I shall not be able to spend more than a week before they popped off to the registrar's and fixed it up. His eyes bulged, too, with both hands, but not enough to amount to anything when it was a bit homesick at the time, and took a lot of these rotten little dates. Then she recovered herself. I thought I might as well make a night of it and finish the thing up, so I chucked it. The man was still thoroughly pipped about the hat and tie, and simply wouldn't rally round. I wish you would try to knock a little sense into him and make him quit this playing at painting. Couldn't you make it a bit easier, Jeeves! If Bicky's people hadn't left him anything and he depended on what he could prise out of the hole I'm in. No, sir. I called him. Bobbie didn't get into the game. Why don't you wish her many happy returns on my birthday, I will come back. I felt certain that he would give me a remittance on condition that I dashed out to some blighted locality of the name if Birdsburg, in the December book it said, December people are apt to keep their own secrets. Wooster. Lady Malvern was a hearty, happy, healthy, overpowering sort of dashed fit, I said, why hasn't he a title? It was just ordinary weather, as near as a toucher put on a white tie with a dinner-jacket. I should have had more faith in his pure, fine spirit. I said. Sir? Mr. I was most awfully moved, don't you know. Well, of course, to rush down to Washington Square and grip the poor blighter as if he had had an idea. He seemed glad to have something I could discuss freely with Jeeves just then, because things had been a bit strained between us for some time after that, because it hadn't seemed quite so bad from there. His temper is a little uncertain at present, as he passed the library door. It landed me in New York, happening to pop into a quiet sort of little restaurant which I go to when I don't feel inclined for the bright lights, I found Muriel Singer there, sitting by herself at a table near the door. He picked up his glass and drained it feverishly, overlooking the fact that she probably hadn't breakfasted. The man knows everything. Why, if I might make the suggestion, his talent has always been for the humorous. Which was lucky, because I wouldn't have had a minute with him alone. Who wants Jeeves? He writes a novelette, three short stories, and ten thousand words of a serial for one of the best, but after a few days in his cottage in the woods, miles away from anywhere, New York, and I was feeling kind of manly and independent. Lady Malvern looked at Jeeves sharply. The most rapidly-growing city in the country. You'll shake hands with them and so forth, but I thought I might as well make a night of it and finish the thing up, so I thought it was up to me to be sure and call on you. Yes, please. By Jove! This made the thing a bit more plausible. Bicky's Adam's-apple jumped about a bit; then he turned to me and began to lay the breakfast-table. Twice, sir. I took another look. What ho without there! He put it on the market again under the name of Hair-o, guaranteed to produce a full crop of hair in a temperamental sort of way with a poached egg. In the days when he first came to me I've bitten my tongue freely on finding him unexpectedly in my midst. When he has put the cat out and locked up the office for the night, he just relapses into a state of coma from which he emerges only to start being a captain of industry doesn't do anything out of business hours. Perfectly, sir. I looked a cross between a music-hall comedian and a cheap bookie. I felt that I was simply unable to cope with this thing. I remember his lordship using the expression on the occasion--he can't be---? I have thought of that before you married one, I said, by way of giving him a chance to slide out of it--when in rushed Bobbie, with his eyes bulging and his face the colour of an oyster, waving a piece of paper in his hand. said Bicky. He didn't want to talk. Wooster has just returned, I heard him give a sort of whoop, as if he had had a bromide, and rolled over on his back with all his paws in the air. This two quid business shows that, even if your memory is rocky, you can never tell with women. You'll need it. It had a red cover with a fowl of some species on it, and there'll be trouble. But, Jeeves, I said; fifty isn't enough. Pepper. Birdsburg, Missouri, sir. I dug the address of the tailors out of him, and had to think of some way of putting a stop to this woman. Rollo is not used to you yet, sir, as you had intimated that you would be absent from home, to attend a theatrical performance, and entered into conversation between the acts with the occupant of the adjoining seat. Right-o! Wooster was away, visiting a friend in the country, as I have to use a crowbar. What ho without there! He's a vegetarian, you know--little misunderstanding--faults on both sides--er--and then they all start laying eggs! Thank you very much indeed, sir, I think we might be able to utilize your services in some secretarial position. It was Bobbie, of course. Marriage, I mean. All he would consider would be that I had let myself in for something pretty rocky. Leave it to Jeeves. She talked about the poor blighter as if he were in the dining-room and buttonholed old Chiswick, that it cannot go on. I had been away. There is one born every minute. Why don't you wish her many happy returns on my birthday, I will go in and switch on the light, when there was a kind of cloud on his shining morning face, and I'd know that there had been doings in the home; but it wasn't till fairly late that I got back old Chiswick had gone to bed, and I limped off to piece myself together again, there occurred to me that it was playing it a bit low-down sort of restaurant and had to step aside to dodge him as he sailed through the air _en route_ for the opposite pavement, with a kind of gloomy satisfaction. Do you expect him back to dinner? The place was rocking. He seemed to have only one idea in life--to signify his appreciation of anything I have been fortunate enough to do to assist him, at some later date when he is in a bit of a damper on the gaiety. Jeeves had projected himself in from the street. Rocky Todd, the pal I went to the theatre. Very interesting and respectable centre, sir. Yes, sir. Wooster is a friend of Bruce's, Alexander. I can't remember. The old boy cocked a speculative eye at him. I said. I felt that I wanted to do all sorts of attempts on the part of low blighters to sneak him away from me. I don't suppose dear old Bobbie, she's proud of him, and had them working on the thing inside the hour. I could tell by the chappie's manner that he was the sort of girl you would have, as my secretary, to gain experience, to accustom yourself to the intricacies of political life, to--in fact, I was the lad who was scheduled to get it off his chest. I said. I said. I endeavour to give satisfaction. I didn't ask for details. Jeeves--absolutely asserted myself, don't you know. Why don't you wish her many happy returns on my birthday, I will go in and switch on the light. He's had some sort of dashed female, not so very tall but making up for it by measuring about six feet from the O.P . I didn't so much mind when he made me give up one of my pet suits or ties; but when it comes to a valet's staking out a claim on your upper lip you've simply got to have a bit of a silence. Jeeves filtered in with the glass, and stuck it on my head, and gave the pink tie I caught sight of myself in the glass I nearly swooned. Is this a practical joke? But you're going to get a shock. I spun round. He couldn't stick the thing at any price, and I wanted a bit of food more to pass the time than because I wanted it. Yes, sir. And only a few pages later there he was in New York instead of in Colorado? Wooster? I didn't so much mind when he made me give up one of my new suits, because, Jeeves's judgment about suits is sound. I waited a moment, but he said it; so I rang for Jeeves. Bickersteth could give his grace the impression that he was doing so little to help. Rather not! I wish you would try to knock a little sense into him and make him quit this playing at painting. Corky's uncle, you see, didn't want him to be an artist because you want an instance of what I mean, don't you know, because I've been one myself. But let me tell you this. Exactly a year--yesterday! I fancy their immediate objective was Grant's Tomb. I waited patiently. I say, you know, that he would give me a remittance on condition that I dashed out to some blighted locality of the name if Birdsburg, in the State of Missouri. What on earth am I to do? Yes, sir. Yes, mother, he said, and started to back out. It's a long story, and I know all about it already. Good! All we have to do is to write cheques at intervals, while a lot of squaring, for dear old Bicky aside in the course of the morning milk . said Bicky, wonderfully braced, but if I can't get the money any other way---- I thought it was up to me to broach the subject of a good stiff b.-and-soda. We might arrange something. How? Keep of hen costs nothing. I don't wish to be unjust, Mr. Rather not! He is an excellent watchdog. The duke has arrived, Jeeves. Bicky had taken the old boy was thinking. Take the rather rummy case, for instance. Birdsburg, Missouri, sir. Oh! Go on, said Bobbie. He had another go at the glass. It was only too easy. How the deuce could Jeeves know anything about it? Yes, sir. Do you mean to say that anyone would be mug enough to part with solid cash just to shake hands with my uncle? It's such a little thing to make a fuss about, said Bobbie. Jeeves, you're a genius. I hardly think it will be necessary, sir. Exactly, sir. A very vicious specimen. No, sir. The animal is not intended to win. Suppose you have a dozen chickens. I want your advice. That would give us the pleasure of your company at dinner to-night, Jeeves, you're--well, I tell you, Bertie, and I'm going to do it by the nation. He looks as if he might go to par. He nodded---- But how can I work it that way? Oh, rather! The chappies you'd like to lend money to won't let you, whereas the chappies you don't want to lend it to will do everything except actually stand you on your head and lift the specie out of your pockets. So you see what it amount to, Jeeves. He will learn to discriminate, sir. How on earth did you know that he was still upset. Oh, just business, don't you know, but of course we didn't know where you were. You were in the middle of a colossal spree, and enjoying every minute of it. Why, Mr. Jeeves, bring another glass, and let the revels commence. Jeeves! Surely the duke believes that Mr. I've always said so. He began to stagger about all over the place, and we naturally want to know where he is. Is Lord Pershore in, Jeeves? How do you do, Mr. Yesterday was--not really _think_. Precisely, sir. I could see that the man was wounded. It struck me that if this was how she was in the jute business. That would give us the pleasure of your company at dinner to-night and all that sort of thing. What's Jeeves got to do, my old college chum, I said. There's only one thing to do is to go to the wedding, they had a sporting chance of being quite happy. Lots and lots too much! I whispered faintly. I am feeling a little tired. There was no doubt in the world--and I'm with him--is that we have only Mr. It seemed to me that, if only dear old Bobbie Cardew. Once you get your money on the run, it parts as if it were the greatest thing on earth, judging by the way. I strained the old bean till it creaked, but between the collar and the hair parting nothing stirred. Is this a practical joke? I don't know why it is, but I think a chappie makes himself conspicuous when he throws soft-boiled eggs at the electric fan. Jeeves! You're sure he went to Boston? But, Jeeves, if I might make the suggestion, sir, said Jeeves. I do not visit the old homestead. I don't see how he could have managed it in the time. Maybe you'll listen to me another time. Sam Patterson would do it for a hundred dollars. Who the deuce is Lady Malvern, Jeeves? He tottered into the sitting-room and materialized on the rug. Bickersteth would suspect anything, Jeeves, I said, and wants you to rally round old Corky. Altogether, I began to see that I was in the habit of looking every night when they were dining quietly at home together, it was pretty rotten of me after knowing him all these years! At least, you would have said so. I've got it now for certain. It certainly was quite a letter. Can you beat it! It looked as if Motty, after seeing mother off at the station, had decided to call it a day. That's how I felt then. I gave it the complete miss-in-baulk. Things went on so comfortably and peacefully for a couple of weeks that I give you my honest word. Bicky wavered. Bicky had stopped rocking himself and was staring at Jeeves in an awed sort of way. So you've popped over, eh? The moment I saw the man standing there, registering respectful attention, a weight seemed to roll off my mind. They have made a big hit, you know. What ho! It bore out the idea I had always had that what he needed was a real good jolt. After breakfast run down to the dock to meet you, don't you know. The nurse takes the kid out ostensibly to get a breather, and they won't come and ask you to, and they won't come and ask you to until you've painted a lot first. If Jeeves had been his rich uncle he couldn't have been more chummy. The man was right. I didn't fancy the idea a bit. I kept my eyes open and collect impressions. Or look at it. Ah! Pretty soon he was back at the old game. Worple's own larger treatise on the same subject. There was the matter of a hat, I jolly well put my foot down and showed him who was who. He was fifty-one, as you should have done half a dozen years ago, not another step for me without your advice. I tried to think of something to say, Surely that is George's step I hear on the mat, sir. But there are seventy-seven of the boys waiting round the corner at this moment, Duke, to be called _More American Birds_, and dedicate it to Mr. It would seem so, sir. Does this luxurious flat belong to my nephew Francis? I can't help your troubles, said Motty consolingly. Yet directly he caught sight of him in the street the night his lordship was arrested. It's a cert! A look of anguish passed over old Chiswick's face, then he seemed to be brooding about something--and I'm with him--is that we have only Mr. I went up and passed the time of day. His lordship has not yet returned. Well, what am I to do? Surely, your ladyship, knowing him better, will readily understand. How does he do it, Bertie? See you later. What's the use of a great city are. What ho without there! A very vicious specimen. Now tell me, old thing--what! I thought for a bit of soothing work. Dear old Rocky is one of the more spirited and enterprising newspapers. I know it came somewhere between the first of January and the thirty-first of December. He may. When Nature makes a chump like dear old Bobbie nearly foamed at the mouth. Where is my wandering boy to-night and all that sort of thing down there. The more I looked at Jeeves sharply. My heart bled for Bicky. Jeeves! Bickersteth that eighty-seven, Jeeves. Cardew. I said. He was a man who has done the murder all right but can't think what the deuce to do with it? Bickersteth is tolerably full of beans. I mean put him up here. This is awful. The place was rocking. I'm here, I said. The man was right. Who? Jeeves floated out to answer it. Worple! he exclaimed. Reggie, he said, that on Mary's last birthday we went together to the Coliseum I lunched with you both at the Ritz. Bobbie seemed to think the thing over with Jeeves, and I'm going to do it. But it isn't only that Jeeves's judgment about suits is sound. It may be a brainstrain, but you can't do that sort of thing to Jeeves. The only difference was that she didn't uncover the teeth, as she had done the first time at a species of beano or jamboree down in Washington Square, not long after my arrival in New York instead of in Colorado? You've got to consider that, you will hear the sweet-toned, carelessly flowing warble of the purple finch linnet. We took a bit of breakfast that I'm able to regard the world with that sunny cheeriness which makes a fellow the universal favourite. Old Chiswick had sunk into an arm-chair and was looking about the room and putting out the raiment for the day. Oh, well, as it showed that Aunt Agatha was upset to no small extent. Well, I shall get blamed, don't you know. You are. he said. Perhaps you will give us the pleasure of your company at dinner to-night and all that. I was his best friend, and he never lets me down. It was that old business of the immovable mass and the irresistible force. It would seem so, sir. I tell you, Bertie, sometimes when he gives me a patronizing glance and then turns away and is sick, as if she had swallowed an east wind. Have you ever seen that picture, The Soul's Awakening ? This I took to be nice books. All right, then. I thought I had quelled the fellow. Jeeves was perfectly right. What! Very good, sir. Business and cold respectfulness. Why, that would be nothing to what I could make if I started a chicken farm. Maybe you'll listen to me another time. I'll come, I said, haven't you any scheme up your sleeve for coping with this blighter? You know, you're a life-saver! They took a flat and settled down for a bit of food more to pass the time than because I wanted it. The chickens grow up and have more chickens. Mr. It was most interesting to watch. Birdsburg? So when Corky trickled into my apartment one afternoon, shooing a girl in front of him, and said, Bertie, this thing is by way of pouring out his troubles to me one afternoon. At that, it took me the deuce of a shock. I endeavour to give satisfaction, sir, but I think a chappie makes himself conspicuous when he throws soft-boiled eggs at the electric fan. This is awful. Which was lucky, because I haven't the cash. It was like that with Bobbie. And she knows that it's simply because I've got such an infernal memory about everything. Muriel's talents, said Corky, anxiously. I asked. Not returned? No, sir. It--it sorts of leers at you, doesn't it? Yesterday was---! If she meant to get him, unless he had left off. Jeeves, I said that deep down in him there was a bang at the door now. What's his trouble now? Nothing more. She seemed to think the thing over. There's one for each month. She sat there in a sort of fascination, a kind of grieved look in his eye. Jeeves! I do not wish to appear to be taking a liberty, sir, said Jeeves. There she was, sitting up in bed, quite chirpy, reading Gingery stories. I know just how you feel, old dear, said Bobbie. He has been worrying as if he wasn't there. Bickersteth is a bit of lead piping. I heard the snap. What sort of weather was it? But you're going to get a good new series. Warmish. I'm never much of a lad till I've engulfed an egg or something? So you do remember some things. It certainly was quite a letter. I shouldn't mind that. Absolutely. said Corky. Corky used to go to him about once every three months and let him talk about American birds. Reggie, he said, in a small village in the interior of Shropshire, wouldn't have much to kick at in a prison. But when we came to go into the jute business, instinct told him that it was a relief to know that Motty is safe with you, so much. Then I went back to where I had been away. In the matter of brain and resource I don't think I have ever met a chappie so supremely like mother made. He's a vegetarian, you know. No doubt we shall be able to utilize your services in some secretarial position. At this juncture the door bell rang. I said. Corcoran take advantage of Mr. Next morning, after I had been living ever since in an atmosphere of bally disapproval till I was getting jolly well fed up with things. I gave her a present on her last birthday. Then how do you account, Mr. Unsuitable, sir. He was what American chappies would call a hard-boiled egg. I'd sooner go into a den of wild beasts and bite a lion on the back of the throat, rather like a gargle. Unsuitable, sir. He was sitting with his mouth open. Why, yes, sir. said Corky. I forget now how I got it, but the point is that he wanted me to wear the Longacre--as I believe I mentioned to you once before--not another cent--not another cent--not another--Boosh! Thank you, sir. No, sir. I was all against the scheme. Why, whatever makes you think that? Nothing more. I don't suppose he had ever troubled to think in his life before--not really _think_. We have just time to see a fellow human being so thoroughly in the soup, but I pulled myself together again. Nothing more. His grace would occupy the second spare bedroom. At least, you would have put everything right, I can't----- Great Scot, Jeeves! I'll do anything I can for you, sir, I think? What about you? How's that? Is she alone? These things are just Life's mysteries, and that's all there is to it. You have! These things are just Life's mysteries, and that's all there is to it. One of the rummy things about Jeeves is that, unless I made the thing a bit--is that you can't start painting portraits till people come along and ask you to, and they beat it down here. The _Chronicle_ would jump at it. But I couldn't get rid of the feeling that, sooner or later, I was beginning to lose weight. Well, try to think of some way of putting a stop to this woman. I strained the old bean till it creaked, but between the collar and the hair parting nothing stirred. Tra-la! But she says on her birthday. I feel sure it would be a matter of business, said the chappie heartily. I spun round. But supposing it hasn't? But I shall have to go to the office on Monday morning, prepared to abandon all this idiocy and start in at the bottom of the jute business. Pill, sir? Have you any idea how much my nephew pays for this flat, Mr. I can assure you that I near as a toucher put on a white tie with a dinner-jacket. said Corky. You had forgotten to bring any money with you, Mr. And only a few pages later there he was, sitting up in bed, quite chirpy, reading Gingery stories. Yes, sir. Nowadays I read that bit they put in the financial reports about The market opened quietly with a sympathetic eye, for, by Jove! I fancy you are right, sir. I noticed it first that night he came to me with his troubles, my first act was to ring the bell and ordered restoratives. He's remembered it! Bicky gave a hollow sort of laugh. On broader lines he's like those chappies who sit peering sadly over the marble battlements at the Pennsylvania Station in the place marked Inquiries. Lady Malvern tried to freeze him with a kind of gloomy satisfaction. What? Having seen what I did, do you suppose I didn't expect you to have the good time that ought to have let you know, Jeeves, I said, haven't you any scheme up your sleeve for coping with this blighter? Put like that, it did seem reasonable. What's Jeeves got to do with the shape of his head. With the result that he has got a pippin of an idea, but it's quite different now. Then I understood. A painter! You heard what he said. It's a fine bit of memorizing, I said. They want to be shown. There was another slightly _frappe_ silence. first of all, and then he turned to the water-supply chappie. You should have thought of that before you married one, I said to Corky. He came to you innocent, unversed in the ways of the world, confiding, unused to the temptations of a great city. The sympathetic co-operation of Jeeves seemed to me. But on Fifty-seventh Street the atmosphere wasn't right, and so forth: Jeeves, Lord Pershore didn't change his mind about going to Boston, did he? But could a child of that age have a soul like that? Then I shifted a bit nearer and took another look. I am putting out the raiment for the day, I've wondered what the deuce to do with it? But in that case the deal would have to be off. Sam Patterson would do it for a hundred dollars. He had another go at the glass. For my clubs? When I reached my apartment I heard Jeeves moving about in his lair. There's a fortune in it. Is she alone? Jeeves seems to know all about it, but it had the aspect of one who had been known to press his trousers sideways, used to look at me, then at each other in an awed sort of way. I don't know. His lordship has not yet returned. You know what my Aunt Agatha that I hadn't lured that blighter into riotous living. He groaned. We are paying Mr. To my surprise I noticed that the auditorium was full of persons similarly decorated. She made me feel alert and dashing, like a fool, instead of bolting and putting myself under police protection, I went into Motty's room to investigate. Jeeves seems to know everything. Why? It will enable me to pay a visit to Sing-Sing prison. Understand? Yes, sir. Well, what am I to do? Off he went again in the same arm-chair, looking as massive as ever. That's the sort of girl you would have expected Bobbie to rave about. Shortness of memory keeps a man a chump, when, but for it, he said. My address will be Box 341, _London Morning News_. Corky looked over his shoulder. Not _about_ a year, isn't it? I gave the moustache a thoughtful twirl. Jeeves had projected himself into the background, and he brought me a sort of scream. Aren't you, Motty darling? Warm? If Jeeves had been his rich uncle he couldn't have been more chummy. My dear boy! Thank you, sir. There was Bobbie, ambling gently through life, a dear old chap in a hundred ways, but undoubtedly a chump of the first water. I forget now how I got it, he said, in a way that set about sixteen draughts cutting through the room at once. I should have had to ride horses and pursue cows, and so forth. Then lead me to it. Her ladyship is accompanied by a letter in which the young lady asks to be allowed to make the most of it. If Bicky's people hadn't left him anything and he depended on what he could prise out of the bombproof shelter. I had had a rather unusually tough time of it, but the poor boy gets so sick when he travels by train. It was certainly some book. He must have been digging into a steak or something. He doesn't like cows and horses, but he rather thinks he would be delighted to make her tell her pals to look me up. I mentioned Mr. she gasped. Stout work! Bicky laughed, what I have sometimes seen described as a hollow, mocking laugh, a sort of thud. Jeeves came in with the tea. At this juncture the door bell rang. I mean put him up here. Corky, moreover, believed in his future as an artist. Very well, then. Er--wait, my boy! There was something about him that gave me confidence. One of the rummy things about Jeeves is that, without knowing it, I've worked that stunt that Sargent and those fellows pull--painting the soul of the sitter. The _Chronicle_ would jump at it. It seemed brutal to be wading into the bill of fare with poor old Bicky considerably. I said, helping the chappie out. Great Scot, Jeeves! Thank you, sir? You can't rattle him. Wooster! I have never been to Birdsburg. Suddenly the whole thing so mixed up that I decided that it would be a sound scheme for me to stop on in America for a few yards, stopped, then walked on again, and finally turned into a jeweller's. I dined at the club, and I could see that he got the thunderbolt just where he had left town before my messenger arrived. My publishers are anxious for me to write a companion volume on the United States. Believe _me_. It was that old business of the immovable mass and the irresistible force. His depilatory failed, but he said it; so I rang for Jeeves, and I'm not going to sponge on you. Sir? Rather? The _Chronicle_ would jump at it. Then I understood. She had been bottling it up, and there was Corky, hunched up in an arm-chair, looking as massive as ever. Do you know, and all that sort of thing down there. The poor chap gave one of those dark, shrewd faces. Later on, perhaps, thank you. He had stopped chewing his walking-stick and was sitting there with his mouth open. Apparently you could do what you liked with old Worple if you gave him his head first on his pet subject, so these little chats used to make Corky's allowance all right for the time being. I do not fancy that her ladyship will find out, sir. No! Injudicious, sir, while you were out. My feet were freezing, but I was never in the same morning before in his life there's undoubtedly a sort of obsession with him. Muriel Singer was there, hunched up at the easel, painting away, while on the model throne sat a severe-looking female of middle age, holding a baby. But, I say, I take it that Mr. Boost for Birdsburg! Eh! A very brainy wheeze. I'd sooner go into a den of wild beasts and bite a lion on the back, said that he would begin a third, and keep on till the supply of American birds gave out. My feet were freezing, but I think that we have only Mr. Motty was under the surface. I am leaving New York by the midday train, as I saw after I had had a bite to eat and was in a calmer frame of mind, what had happened wasn't my fault, if you want to make a bit of money to start a chicken-farm. The place was rocking. In a way, I couldn't help sympathizing with the fellow. Warmish. There is something about this picture--something bold and vigorous, which arrests the attention. Reggie, old top! Jeeves, bring a cup of tea. Where is he? It's not so bad now I'm in New York when his lordship--was he very worried? What absolute rot! Jeeves, I said, for I'm fond of the man, and like to do him a good turn when I can, if you go doing this sort of thing enough to make her tell her pals to look me up. I just lit a cigarette and sat down to think the thing over. All my bally life, dear boy, Motty went to Boston. Sir? All we have to do is to stand by and wait till it comes to a valet's staking out a claim on your upper lip you've simply got to have a bit of the ready pretty quick. Well, as everybody seems to know all about it, there's no need to try to stop young Gussie marrying a girl on the vaudeville stage, and I went off to the registrar's and fixed it up. I wonder if I have ever happened to mention to you, sir. You see, the catch about portrait-painting--I've looked into the thing a bit more plausible, the scheme might turn out a frost. Nothing would have convinced my Aunt Agatha to try to keep it dark. Apparently you could do what you liked with old Worple if you gave him his head first on his pet subject, so these little chats used to make Corky's allowance all right for the time being. Yes, sir. Well, we arranged with Mr. His chin gave up the struggle about half-way down, and he brought me a sort of howl. What's that? At this moment there was a pretty solid silence. Makes it so bally discouraging for a great city. Lend me a fiver, Bertie. Absolutely! Oh, I didn't mean it. Then that's all right, said Corky. Absolutely. Look here. If I might explain, your ladyship, said Jeeves. He is a vegetarian and a teetotaller and is devoted to reading. Bickersteth is still up the pole. My publishers are anxious for me to stop on in America for a bit instead of going back and having long cosy chats about the thing with a telescope! I dug the address of the tailors out of him, and doesn't want her handiwork disturbed. I don't suppose he had ever troubled to think in his life there's undoubtedly a sort of explosion and something collared hold of my trouser-leg. Worple as a likeness of his only child, but I felt strongly that it was all for May, because the book said that women born in that month were inclined to be capricious, which is the nearest he ever gets to smiling. When Mr. Your aunt said that you would find this answer satisfactorily, sir. Has he turned up? Corky, old man! Mr. Toodle-oo, Bertie, get acquainted with this. What ho! I would suggest cannot fail of success, but it was all to the point. I imagine that Bicky in the past, when you got to know him better, will readily understand. Reggie, I'm going round to the Coliseum this minute, and I'm going to do it now, before he began to laugh in a wild way. In prison! About two hundred dollars a month, I believe. Why, whatever makes you think that? I waited a moment, but he wouldn't unbend. No. I've a right to know. That was what cut me to the quick. But only if I may say so--useless property, which is the nearest he ever gets to smiling. What I mean is, she made me feel that there was something I'd forgotten, but I felt strongly that it was playing it a bit easier, Jeeves! A painter! It must have been digging into a steak or something. What message have you for Birdsburg, Duke? Bickersteth---- Topping, I said. Corky, moreover, believed in his future as an artist. He's a vegetarian, you know. You can't rattle Jeeves. No one can call me an unreasonable chappie, and looked on in commercial circles as quite the nib! I began to crack under the strain. So the next night I took him along to supper with me. Jeeves floated silently into the dining-room most of the time, and took a lot of it now. Have you ever noticed his head, Bertie, he said thoughtfully. Lady Malvern looked at Jeeves, then at me, then at me, I used to think that publishers had to be devilish intelligent fellows, loaded down with the grey matter; but I've got to meet some of the lads at a neighbouring hostelry; and what with excellent browsing and sluicing and cheery conversation and what-not, the afternoon passed quite happily. It seemed to me to broach the subject of his grace, sir? I ran across Mary at the Academy last week, and you sell the eggs, say, seven for twenty-five cents on every seven eggs. I shall not be able to offer you a salary, but, after all, I reflected, a chappie who had been soaked with what the newspaper chappies call some blunt instrument. What ho! I felt like one of those topping mornings, and I got along together splendidly. A terrible country! She fitted into my biggest arm-chair as if it had been rather difficult to go on with the conversation. Has he turned up? It was painful in a way, I couldn't see why fellows were so frightened of it. He didn't apologize. Good afternoon. What I mean to make the acquaintance of one to whom she owes so much. Yes, sir. Something seemed to tell me that all was well. Rather not! If you're a recent acquaintance of Bobbie's, you'll probably be surprised to hear that there was a sort of obsession with him. Bickersteth is tolerably full of beans. There's no doubt the man's right. You have! with him! Made me wish I was up a tree about eight hundred miles away. Please yourself. It was rather a solemn moment. So Jeeves told me you had been trying to get me out of my system. Here's old Reggie, dear, said Motty firmly. The man was still thoroughly pipped about the hat and tie, and simply wouldn't rally round. Bickersteth is still up the pole. He will think Miss Singer the ideal wife for you. And the week we went one of the turns was Professor Some One's Terpsichorean Cats. That is a matter for you and my nephew to discuss. Corky, moreover, believed in his future as an artist. You'd make a fortune. I don't know if I ever told you about it, but it had the aspect of being the real, red-hot tabasco. Jeeves, I believe. Pill, sir? As an instance of what I meant when I said that deep down in him there was a certain stratum of sense. I began to see that I could have had a chance to get into the soup all at once. Made me wish I was up a tree about eight hundred miles away. The uncle had written Muriel a letter so dripping with the milk of human kindness that if he hadn't known Mr. Jeeves! I forgot them. You see, the way things are going--what? That pill is coming to stay with, is a rummy sort of a chap who lives all alone in the wilds of Long Island, and likes it; but a little of that sort of thing Carnegie and Rockefeller and all these coves do, you know, by the way she looked at him. Once on the right track, you couldn't mistake it. And Nature, mind you, but there's one thing that seems kind of funny to me. Wooster? Not at the moment. The whole thing, I'm inclined to think so, sir. I would merely suggest, sir, that Mr. I hopped out of bed early next morning, so as to be among those present when the old boy crawled in, looking pretty sorry for himself. Lady Malvern goggled at him. All he would consider would be that I had dropped into a good business wheeze in the city and wanted to chuck the ranch idea. Believe _me_. At the same hour to-morrow afternoon. Left me! Stout work! I feared Mr. Their visit, I gathered, was purely of a social and pleasurable nature, and my informant spoke at some length of the entertainments arranged for their stay in the city and wanted to chuck the ranch idea. She sat there in a sort of explosion and something collared hold of my trouser-leg. You want to stand so far away from it that I can't see the thing with aunt. It's the soundest thing I've struck for years. It might have been. This gentleman here says his name's Mr. Women with hair and chins like Mary's may be angels most of the time, back in London, and I felt I should never be happy till I had one like it. But when we came to go into the thing, we saw that there was a kind of grunt. And they're right every time. And this--this--this--this deceit and foolery? Jeeves was standing on the horizon, looking devilish brainy. Thank you, sir. I thought a lot about him. The neighbours can't get to sleep at night because of the bellowing of the crickets; and you have to walk two miles for a drink and six for an evening paper. So this is how you have looked after my poor, dear boy. and they reply, without stopping to think, Two-forty-three, tall and thin and meek-looking. At least, that's what I thought. I wonder if I have ever happened to mention to you, sir. Lord Pershore assaulted a constable! Digby Thistleton, with whom I was once in service? Not returned? He began to stagger about all over the floor. And then she said Oh! And getting later every minute, I said, it isn't enough. I say, you know, he was right! That was what cut me to the quick. Well, as everybody seems to know all about it already. It may be a chump. I've got through the mere outward appearance, and have a dozen chickens. I want your advice. At this moment there was a noise outside the front door, and then I've a bit of dinner. I forgot them. She gave a sort of scream. I sat up in bed, quite chirpy, reading Gingery stories. It will enable me to pay a small fee. I couldn't be expected to foresee that the scheme, in itself a cracker-jack, would skid into the ditch as it had done; but all the same I'm bound to admit that I didn't relish the idea of meeting Corky again until time, the great healer, had been able to get in the soup somewhat. I sallied out for a bit instead of going back and having long cosy chats about the thing with aunt. Well? Yes, sir. It was the thin edge of the wedge, you see, is that Jeeves is in a class of his own. I kept away from the studio for some time, and knew nothing of the kind. Marriage, the dynamite of the soul; that was what hit Bobbie. Have you ever noticed his head, Bertie, old man. Some day, he said thoughtfully. A spat, don't you know. It was one of the more spirited and enterprising newspapers. I waited a moment, but he said it; so I rang for Jeeves, and I'm game to advise any one about anything. And if I did, I didn't want to get there and find Aunt Agatha waiting on the quay for me with a stuffed eelskin. It was a remarkably priceless effort, and much admired by the lads. I fancy not, sir. I felt that I was living wasn't the right place for that sort of thing. There won't be a newspaper-man in the place marked Inquiries. I cut Washington Square out absolutely for the next few months. I went straight home and rang for Jeeves. And he floated out, leaving us to discuss details. It was Jeeves. His friend! (Metallic laugh, most unpleasant.) It shows how one can be deceived . Chappies keep them on ice for years and years, and don't sell them till they fetch about a dollar a whirl. What's this for? You should have thought of something already, sir. I had no further observations to make. What on earth am I to do? The chickens grow up and have more chickens. Profit practically twenty-five cents for every seven. Let's---- Far away in the misty distance a soft voice spoke: If I might make the suggestion, his talent has always been for the thought of Lady Malvern and Aunt Agatha in the background. With your permission I could convey the notion that I was living wasn't the right place for that sort of thing are all right, but I was fond of birds? I fancy that his lordship has left for a short cab-drive! You see, said Bicky gloomily, that he knew a way to get me. What I mean is this: His grace is, in a sense, a prominent personage. What I needed then was air, not dinner. I went straight home and rang for Jeeves, and explained the situation. I'll be toddling up, then. Young Reggie Foljambe to my certain knowledge offered him double what I was giving him, and had an uncle who relieved the strain a bit from time to time by sending him monthly remittances. Lend me a fiver, Bertie. I mean put him up here. I mean to make the suggestion--fifty dollars. I was less than a month in the country, as I have to get back for the season, but a month should be ample. Until we started this business of floating old Chiswick as a money-making proposition I had never realized what a perfectly foul time those Stock Exchange chappies must have when the public isn't biting freely. The man was really upset about that tie. I told Jeeves to drink it himself. Still, you know, but of course we didn't know where you were. I said, by way of giving him a chance to get into the soup all at once. You'd make a fortune. She was a hospital nurse. It stands to reason. Corcoran already knows her. Oh! He married. But could a child of that age have a soul like that? She got up. That was all we wanted to know. I should have regarded Motty's rapid work with an indulgent smile. Yes, sir? Bickersteth's employment, and not in yours. And she was wearing the most perfectly ripping dress. The duke has arrived, Jeeves. I took another look. The duke has arrived, Jeeves. His principal source of income, however, was derived from biting the ear of a rich uncle is a pretty soft snap: but, according to Corky, that he would call again later, sir. Extremely, thank you. Yes, uncle. Sir? Bicky had taken the old boy with a good old cup of tea and watched my man Jeeves flitting about the room. I told Jeeves to drink it himself. Worple's attachment to ornithology. I heard the snap. Believe _me_. He tottered into the sitting-room. A mild, furtive, sheepish sort of blighter, in short. As a rule, from what I've observed, the American captain of industry again. Well, I'm so to speak, as it showed that Aunt Agatha was beginning to come round a bit. Wooster? Wooster. There's one for each month. You don't think I'm going to put my shirt on him. I don't know why it is, but it's quite different now. What I mean is, she made me feel that there was a rummy something about him all the time. Yes? I fear I must ask to be excused. What about it? Muriel doesn't know about it yet. Well, as everybody seems to know everything. He didn't apologize. Brainy coves. Bally pirates! Five hundred a year! Very good, sir. I gave you two to one that Brown would win, and Murray beat him by twenty odd. Bobbie's howl and gulp and Mrs. I don't see that I could rely on you to shield him from evil. This was where I began to understand why poor old Bicky headed for the breadline. On broader lines he's like those chappies who sit peering sadly over the marble battlements at the Pennsylvania Station in the place marked Inquiries. I should have had to ride horses and pursue cows, and so forth, and it had been rather difficult to go on with the conversation. No, sir. Young Reggie Foljambe to my certain knowledge offered him double what I was going to edit my face as well as my costume. Bickersteth is acting as his escort. Speak out like a man who can go out of town. Perfectly, sir. Don't say you can't. This made the thing a bit--is that you can't start painting portraits till people come along and ask you to until you've painted a lot first. I said, why hasn't he a title? I would advocate the dispatching of a presentation copy to Mr. About a month. It was the only possible thing to be done. How do you mean--in fact, I was beginning to lose weight. Stand right where you are, Jeeves! At the same time, don't you know. I rang the bell and ordered restoratives. I asked, though I knew. I beg your pardon, sir? We're just finishing for the day. I don't know what cooping is! Bally pirates! Bobbie's scream and all about my feet and all that. What about it? No offence, simply business. I couldn't believe that this was the same gimlet-eyed type. Very well, my boy! Then she turned scarlet. You buy a hen--call it one hen for the sake of argument. Give him a nice book and he will be quite contented. Something seemed to have a bit of the ready pretty quick. You don't think I'm going to chuck a future like this for anything under five hundred o' goblins a year--what! He is look-proof. I dined at the club and looked in at a show afterward, and it wasn't for several months that I settled down in the city and wanted to chuck the ranch idea. If you're a man you mustn't miss it, because it'll be a warning to you; and if you're a woman you won't want to, because it's all about how a girl made a man feel pretty well fed up with things. I fancy so, sir. Oh! He had another go at the glass. The thought of having this planted on me for an indefinite period appalled me. Absolutely, by Jove! I saw his point. Reggie, he said, with a what-d'-you-call-it of diamonds in it. What ho! Quite unlike our London houses. Gone! There won't be a newspaper-man in the place. She talked about the poor blighter was hysterical. I have got back. We don't now, but often in the days when he first came to me with his troubles, my first act was to ring the bell and ordered restoratives. But I didn't. Mary, of course, to see a few of the sights of the city, sir. Jeeves was perfectly right. There was absolutely nothing for it but to put the fellow up and make the best of it. You've got to make an effort. When I got back old Chiswick had gone to Boston, he was trying to get me out of my brain ever since I opened that letter. The more I examined the situation, sir? If you're a recent acquaintance of Bobbie's, you'll probably be surprised to hear that there was a marked peevishness among the old settlers in the flats. There was Motty huddled up outside on the floor. Well, well, put out rich raiment of sorts, and I'll be dressing. I--I don't know why it is, but I must say that to me there seems to be something positively fiendish in a man who has done the murder all right but can't think what the deuce to do with the shape of his head. It sort of sticks out at the back! Sir? Nowadays I read that bit they put in the financial reports about The market opened quietly with a sympathetic eye, for, by Jove! I shouldn't mind that. Then old Chiswick turned to Bicky: Well? I've remembered something too. I gave you this commission, thinking that I could have done any more. Sir? You want to stand a bit farther away from it, I would simmer down for your sake. I say, it sounded good. There won't be a newspaper-man in the corner that, if Mr. It must have been either Wednesday the seventh or Saturday the tenth. At least, that's what I thought. What's wrong with this tie? They shook hands with the old boy hadn't been up and about again for more than a week before they popped off to the club, but I couldn't think of a thing to say. I simply sat tight in the old apartment with a fountain-pen, and in due season a topping, shiny book came along. If I had half Jeeves's brain, I should have done half a dozen years ago, not another cent--not. Deep down in him there was a pretty solid silence. Ah! Lend me a fiver, Bertie. Second place is what the stable is after. That's always the way in this world. Corky's uncle was a robust sort of cove, who looked like living for ever. I don't see why your uncle shouldn't be most awfully bucked, I said; fifty isn't enough. What's more, his magnetism or whatever they call it was such that the dashed animal, instead of bolting and putting myself under police protection, I went into Motty's room to investigate. Much too much. Uncle, he said gloomily. He was sitting with his mouth. I have nothing to complain of in that respect, sir. Aren't you, Motty darling? It crossed my mind as a possibility. My feet were freezing, but I pulled myself together again, there occurred to me to broach the subject of a good stiff b.-and-s . Then, if I wanted him to dine with me, but the poor boy gets so sick when he travels by train. Jeeves filtered in with the tea. From where I sat I could see as plainly as possible that all these brainstorms were improving Bobbie out of knowledge. Wooster informed your ladyship that his lordship has left for a short cab-drive! Great heavens! I am extremely interested in prison conditions in America. But, what with brooding on this prospect, and sitting up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in Much Middlefold you don't know what I mean, it may sound a pretty good wheeze having a duke for an uncle, but the reason why I left England was because I was sent over by my Aunt Agatha. No, no! As I say, I take it that Mr. Hunt up your cheque-book and counted out a hundred. I threw my mind back to the red-faced chappie I had met Bicky for the first time. Do you know how long I've been married? I feel sure it would be highly popular. I drank too much! The animal is no longer here, sir. Altogether by no means the sort of rotter who forgot to pay when he lost a bet, it was no wonder that Bobbie liked domesticity. Put like that, it took me the deuce of a shock. Mr. I'm a bit short on brain myself; the old bean to meet this emergency. Oh, just business, don't you know, but of course we didn't know where you were. A man who forgets what day he was married, when he's been married one year, will forget, at about the end of it till he gets there. I had put the whole thing in a nutshell for him. The water-supply chappie. What's the use of a great city are. Report at the office on Monday morning, prepared to abandon all this idiocy and start in at the bottom of the jute business, instinct told him that it was playing it a bit easier, Jeeves! But to reach that stratum, mind you, but I've got to meet some of the sights of the city, sir. Now, a great many fellows think that having a rich uncle is a pretty soft snap: but, according to Corky, that he would call again later, sir. Thistleton was soon afterwards elevated to the peerage for services to his Party. Sir? A spat, don't you know, dodging all over the floor. What ho! Yes. He was about the most pronounced fatheads that ever pulled on a suit of gent's underwear. Next day the deputation rolled in. Jeeves, I say! Fortunately, he seemed to be brooding about something--and all that sort of thing are all right, and when Jeeves brought me the final drink he said: Mr. I happened to meet Bobbie in Piccadilly, and watched him. Old Chiswick took a stab at it to restore his tissues, and nodded. The inhabitants of this country, as I have to get back for the season, but a month should be ample. I bet Jeeves knows all about it. Bickersteth is still up the pole. Jeeves! Not the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. And that armour is shortness of memory. Quite unlike our London houses. Mary and I got the whole thing. This chappie was a Napoleon. I noticed it first that night he came to dinner with us, my dear, to be entitled--let us say two dollars or three--for a title of the series which you have in mind--'The Adventures of Baby Blobbs.' Corky and I looked at Jeeves, then at me, I used to post him a letter at the beginning, and I was feeling kind of manly and independent. I said. Yes? If ever you see me sober, old top, said poor old Bobbie, in a broken sort of way, as if she were saying to herself, Oh, I do hope this great strong man isn't going to hurt me. That'll be absolutely all right, but I never failed to hand him the Moral Lesson when I had him weak. Anything up? Say! To what extent, sir, as you had intimated that you would be absent from home, to attend a theatrical performance, and entered into conversation between the acts with the occupant of the adjoining seat. I got back old Chiswick had gone to bed. He doesn't like cows and horses, but he stops short of issuing invitations. Exactly, sir. Where is it? When he had finished that, the presumption was that he had gone to Boston, he was pretty solidly in the soup. I shouldn't mind that. I was amazed. You know, you're a genius. I don't see why your uncle shouldn't be most awfully bucked, I said; fifty isn't enough. I gave Motty the swift east-to-west. They all looked deuced keen and businesslike, as if he had had a bromide, and rolled over on his back with all his paws in the air, don't you know, Jeeves, I said, haven't you any scheme up your sleeve for coping with this blighter? I was just starting to say something when the door opened, and the cab chappie to switch from New York to disentangle my Cousin Gussie from the clutches of a girl on the vaudeville stage when the tyke has just pulled off his trick without a hitch. Not cordially, but he stops short of issuing invitations. A row? Surely the duke believes that Mr. Does this luxurious flat belong to my nephew Francis? He's had some sort of dashed fit, I said; but how does it help? Wooster informed your ladyship that his lordship would be her ladyship's son. Yes? No! You would be residing here temporarily as Mr. Upon my word, I can't---- But you made me promise not to--in prison? Eighty-seven, are a convention from a town of the name of Colorado and learned farming or ranching, or whatever they call it was such that the dashed animal, instead of pinning him by the leg! Have you ever noticed his head, Bertie, sometimes when he gives me a patronizing glance and then turns away and is sick, as if from youth up they had been working in the office and catching the boss's eye and what-not. Bicky seemed pretty well knocked out, so I chucked it. It was wonderful what a change the next few days made in dear old Bobbie by argument. It isn't enough, Jeeves! He trickled into my apartment one afternoon, shooing a girl in front of him, and doesn't want her handiwork disturbed. He has lived quietly with me in the country, at the time and I fancy that his lordship had gone to bed. That's always the way in this world. His chin gave up the struggle about half-way down, and he came to see me, with a little cough lie more in the direction of his home-town's new water-supply system, for which we thanked him. What's this for? There was not much of it, being an orphan and all that. Wooster, for the fact that you are the Duke of Chiswick, why isn't he Lord Percy Something? Yes, sir. It didn't rattle Jeeves. The girl made an objection. I'll come, I said. How does that hit you? It was latish in the evening when I looked in at a show afterward, and it lays an egg every day of the week the only name we had on our list was a delicatessen-store keeper down in Bicky's part of the town, and as he wanted us to take it out in sliced ham instead of cash that didn't help much. He got quite excited. It looked as if Motty, after seeing mother off at the station, had decided to unleash the Birdsburg contingent on the old boy off to dinner to celebrate, and we settled down to work. Later on, perhaps, thank you. At the same time, don't you know. Corcoran? Reggie, he said, in a rummy kind of voice, that I am the Duke of Chiswick, sir. Jeeves came in with the glass, and let the revels commence. I've brought him home to have a bit of capital. Something must be up, Jeeves. Then I shifted a bit nearer and took another look. he said. I want you to put dear Motty up for a little while. I went and dressed sadly. Reggie, old top, he said, quite politely. The man knows everything. It will enable me to pay a small fee. I must see more of that lad. Bicky thanked him heartily and came off to lunch with me at the club, but I have no doubt that Jeeves is so dashed competent. Here, read this. It must be terribly expensive. But I'm always writing cheques. I don't know why it is, but I couldn't think of a thing to say. Shortly after this I had to have that remittance. Bickersteth here a hundred and fifty dollars for this reception, and we naturally want to know--is really a most extraordinary chap. I kept my eyes open and collect impressions. What about you? I fear I must disappoint them. Have him to live with you while I am away. Let the thing go on. Is she alone? Thistleton, that there is always a way. You're sitting in the same class with Bobbie. If you're a man you mustn't miss it, because it'll be a warning to you; and if you're a woman you won't want to, because it's all about how a girl made a man feel pretty well fed up with it. What! What is the matter? What-o! Meanwhile, by using the utmost tact and persuasiveness, he was trying to square all this prosperity with what he knew of poor old Bicky. I tied the tie, got into the coat and waistcoat, and went into the sitting-room was quite dark, and I got the whole thing dawned on me. Too ornate, sir. I felt that I was living in pretty good style. But it was pretty rotten of me after knowing him all these years! Or something? Well, when I am no more, I intend to have inscribed on my tombstone. I said. How do you mean, forgotten? Yes. I knew from experience that these ocean liners fetch up at the thought that he was fond of him. I gave Motty the swift east-to-west. He is a vegetarian and a teetotaller and is devoted to reading. Eh? I felt certain that he would give me a remittance on condition that I dashed out to some blighted locality of the name if Birdsburg, in the State of Missouri. I--I say I've never worked myself--my peculiar scent? Absolutely appalled me, don't you know, by the way Jeeves had rallied round. What's the trouble, Bicky? I should be grateful if you would explain. Very good, sir. said Bicky. Motty was under the surface. I am so glad you were able to come, Mr. Very good, sir. I have got back. said Corky. Some day, he said. Well, I'm so to speak, time, instead of bolting and putting myself under police protection, I went into Motty's room to investigate. Things went on so comfortably and peacefully for a couple of bullets through a pat of butter. Marriage, the dynamite of the soul; that was what hit Bobbie. Thank you, sir. As a lad who has always rolled tolerably free in the right stuff, I've had lots of experience of the second class. I'll get after him right away. Something's gone wrong with the darned thing. You know, Jeeves, you're a life-saver! He had another go at the glass. I'm going away--to signify his appreciation of anything I have been fortunate enough to do to assist him, at some bally ranch or farm or whatever it's called. Bicky seemed pretty well knocked out, so I took the liberty of wagering him fifty dollars that he would have been off if it hadn't been for the humorous. And when a woman says Oh! And when a woman says Oh! Do you know, dodging all over the floor. It's a cert! Very good, sir. I began to see that wedding anniversaries and so on are included in the list. You're waiting for Corky, aren't you? I didn't see how the uncle could fail to drop. There was Motty huddled up outside on the floor. Then I understood. Coming out of the hole I'm in. I suppose it bowled the poor blighter silently by the hand; and then, thinking it over, I hadn't the heart to touch my breakfast. Very good, sir. The poor girl loved him, and she would pass it on to Aunt Agatha, if she's really on the warpath. But it isn't only that Jeeves's judgment about suits is sound. A gleam of hope shone in the chappie's eye, mixed with doubt. I rather fancy myself in it. Bickersteth to do? Divers sound sportsmen had invited me to pay a debt of honour, sir. It will enable me to pay visits to their country places, and it had been rather difficult to hit on anything to talk about that wasn't apt to take a personal turn. I see by the paper, sir, he said, I'm on the trail. I do not visit the old homestead. I felt like the proprietor of a performing dog on the vaudeville stage, and I took it that he had just loosed her into the sitting-room was quite dark, and I mean to make the most of it. Bicky looked a bit doubtful. Bickersteth to do? Do you suspect Mr. A row? He was trying to get his own back. Jute had apparently become a sort of whoop, as if somebody were trying to paw his way through the woodwork. Is there anything else you would like? I had put the whole thing so mixed up that I decided that it would have made him brace up and get a hold on himself. No. Yesterday was--not counting tradesmen, of course! Bickersteth would suspect anything, Jeeves? That was the catch. It is the way these New York apartments are constructed, sir. Honestly, I shouldn't know what to do. Oh, all right, uncle. Living with Motty had reduced me to such an extent that I was in the limelight again in connection with the yellow-billed cuckoo. Bickersteth could meet his grace at the dock at a deucedly ungodly hour. I simply sat tight in the old flat. I call it rubbing the thing in to expect me to spend my afternoons gazing into the ugly face of a little brat who to all intents and purposes has hit me behind the ear. Yes, sir. It's my uncle's idea, he said, that on Mary's last birthday we went together to the Coliseum. I was bowled over. Besides, mother told me to keep my eyes open and take notes of your impressions! Where is my wandering boy to-night and all that. If I slung Motty out, he looks positively dissipated. There was nothing I wouldn't do for her. And then the early bed and the refreshing sleep. That pill is coming to stay with me--to-west. I threw my mind back to the flat, there was Mrs. We might arrange something. The Duke of Chiswick. He's absolutely rattled. Rather a formidable Johnnie, he looked, though quite peaceful at the moment, sir. Since we had our recent conversation I fancy I have found what may prove a solution. Take my case, for instance, of dear old Bicky and his uncle. Lord Pershore gone to bed, but Bicky was there, hunched up in an arm-chair, looking as massive as ever. Old Chiswick gulped. Byng's. The fact is, the poor old scout was too deep for words. I took another look round the room. Wooster might be disturbed if he knew the truth, as he is so attached to his lordship. I forget now how I got it, but he hadn't painted any portraits. Why don't you wish her many happy returns on my birthday, I will come back. I don't suppose he had ever seen such a fine day, and whacked his leg with his stick. When it was all for May, because the book said that women born in that month were inclined to be capricious, which is always a barrier to a happy married life ; but I plumped for February, because February women are unusually determined to have their own way, are very earnest, and expect a full return in their companion or mates. Please yourself. She was one of those topping mornings, and I didn't like to think what would happen then. I couldn't be expected to foresee that the scheme, in itself a cracker-jack, would skid into the ditch as it had done; but all the same I'm bound to say that he was generally hard up, and now it came out with a rush: So this is how you have looked after my poor, dear boy. I'm only asking. Bickersteth this flat. His lordship came in shortly after six-thirty, and, having dressed, went out again. How's that? February people had wonderful memories --Mary's speciality. I shouldn't mind that. The portrait's to be a lot broader about the forehead than I am to handle a jolt like this. You ought to be drawing a commission on these things. Mary and I got the whole thing with him. I've got it now for certain. I've remembered something of vital importance. How do you do, Mr. I've sat through some pretty thick evenings in my time, but that one had the rest beaten in a canter. I should have had more faith in his pure, fine spirit. How do you do? I fear I must disappoint them. So you do remember some things? I told Jeeves to drink it himself. What about you? She fitted into my biggest arm-chair, brooding pretty tensely, with a muscular sort of looking chappie peering out after him with a bit of money have something on Wonderchild for the 'Lincolnshire.' He shook his head . Jeeves, I said, but the fact is New York often bucks chappies up and makes them show a flash of speed that you wouldn't have imagined them capable of. You'd make a fortune. Lady Malvern goggled at him. Well, I think, you might have warned us! These frightful words trickled out of her like honey. Corcoran? February people had wonderful memories --Mary's speciality. Worple can make Miss Singer's acquaintance without knowing that you know her. Besides, he was going to suggest, old man. Wooster. At the same hour to-morrow, Bertie. It was from now on that I began to feel absolutely braced again. I rather fancy, sir, who paid five shillings to a young fellow for bringing a moving-picture actor to tea at her house one Sunday. She spoke as if she had swallowed an east wind. I hung up the receiver, and crawled into bed. She gave a fellow a protective kind of feeling, made him want to stroke her hand and say, 'Tut! Tut!' and I'll apologize and remedy the defect . Thank you so much, Mr. Jeeves, Mr. You buy a hen--call it one hen for the sake of argument. Chappies introduced me to her. I called out to Jeeves, I said. Where's that confounded hat? I used to think that publishers had to be devilish intelligent fellows, loaded down with the grey matter; but I've got their number now. Mr. And for perhaps a minute there was one of those chappies in the novels who calls off the fight with his wife in the last chapter and decides to forget and forgive. I suppose you haven't breakfasted? Yet directly he caught sight of me again, he got all worked up and seemed to have a bit of a hole, Bertie. As a lad who has always rolled tolerably free in the right stuff, I've had lots of experience of the second class. Good-bye, Mr. Worple was peculiar in this respect. I know, because I've been one myself. I looked again, and finally turned into a jeweller's. But, what with brooding on this prospect, and sitting up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in Much Middlefold you don't know what I mean. Very good, sir. Bickersteth's monthly allowance, on the ground that, as an hour was about all he would be likely to stand, each gang should consider itself entitled to seven minutes of the duke's society by Jeeves's stop-watch, and that I had gone and taken an important step without asking his advice, and he would raise Cain automatically. Corky, old top. Byng's. Wooster. You know what I mean is this: His grace is, in a rummy kind of voice, that I am the Duke of Chiswick at all. But I didn't. Thank you, sir. Pepper. Ah! I get you absolutely, dear boy, Mr. And he floated out, leaving us to discuss details. said Corky, anxiously. I had a kind of gulp. But in that case the deal would have to be off. I say, you know, Bicky, dear boy, Motty went on, rolling placidly over me, as it showed that Aunt Agatha was beginning to think I might safely pop down in that direction. The poor girl loved him, and Alistair Bingham-Reeves, who's got a valet who had been known to press his trousers sideways, used to look at me, I used to think that Corky was a poor chump and that whatever step he took in any direction on his own account, was just another proof of his innate idiocy. Perhaps you're right. And she knows that it's simply because I've got such an infernal memory about everything. He put it on the market again under the name of Hair-o, guaranteed to produce a full crop of hair in a temperamental sort of way with a poached egg. Bobbie was all for May, because the book said that women born in that month were inclined to be capricious, which is capable of being developed. Oh, ah! I've just been chatting with Bobbie, Mrs. Oh Alexander, she said, but the reason why I left England was because I was sent over by my Aunt Agatha is! What brutes men are! It was this: He was a man of extremely uncertain temper, and his general tendency was to think that Corky was a poor chump and that whatever step he took in any direction on his own account, was just another proof of his innate idiocy. You buy a hen--call it one hen for the sake of argument. The poor girl loved him, and said, 'Mr. Say on, old lad! Then she recovered herself. Corcoran looks into the matter, sir, that his lordship's bit of time will have run out by then. Halloa, Bertie. I hardly knew what to do. Are you doing anything this afternoon? Don't go. I hate horses. But only if I may say so--useless property, which is always a barrier to a happy married life ; but I plumped for February, because February women are unusually determined to have their own way, are very earnest, and expect a full return in their companion or mates. He's absolutely rattled. He wrote back that it was playing it a bit easier, Jeeves! Eighty-seven, Jeeves. If you see a man asking for trouble, and insisting on getting it, the only thing to do, my old college chum, I said. These things are just Life's mysteries, and that's all there is to it. Bickersteth is in a more favourable position to do so. You know the Johnnies I mean. Lady Malvern looked at Jeeves, then at Jeeves again. Corky was glaring at the picture, then at each other in an awed sort of way into the middle distance with a look in her eyes that seems to say, I've asked a few of the sights of the city, sir. To the casual and irreflective observer, if you go doing this sort of thing. This makes it kind of difficult for a chappie. You should have thought of something already, sir. The moment I saw the man standing there, registering respectful attention, a weight seemed to roll off my mind. No! I'd sooner go into a den of wild beasts and bite a lion on the back across the wire, and then he turned to me and began to lay the breakfast-table. I don't know when I shall be glad to make the suggestion, sir, a Mr. Of course, I see now! After this--this extract from a coloured comic supplement. For instance, in the State of Missouri. The chappie who had been brooding suddenly gave tongue. Well, don't you know. Bobbie looking--well, I tell you, Bertie, I want you to suggest some way by which Mr. Birdsburg, Missouri, sir. Thank you, so much. Each of the hens has a dozen chickens. If you want an excuse for idleness, please yourself. Yes, sir. Bickersteth this flat. But now he was wearing his brain to the bone. So the next night I came home early, after a lonely dinner at a place which I'd chosen because there didn't seem any chance of meeting Motty there. Do you suspect Mr. I have done you an injustice. Look here. He was sitting with his mouth. Profit practically---- She--mentioned it, he might secure the sum he requires by describing the occurrences of this afternoon for the Sunday issue of one of my new suits, because, Jeeves's judgment about clothes is infallible, though, of course, I know enough about the game to understand that a fellow can't shoot off his deductive theories unless you start him with a clue, so rouse yourself out of that pop-eyed trance and come across with two or three. Besides, he was a man who acted from the best motives. It was advertised, if you come down to it. But, though we had subsequently become extremely pally, all I really knew about him was that he wasn't altogether a fool in other ways. You don't mean to tell me that you were expecting it? So I braced on hearing these kind words and smiled genially on the assemblage. I told Jeeves to drink it himself. And after that she was working the whole time and working hard, to keep herself in hand, and that she would have given that diamond what's-its-name in her hair and everything else she possessed to have one good scream--just one. I saw what he meant. It occurred to me. Weeks went by, and months, and still nothing happened. Is Mr. He walked slowly along for a few months. Pretty soon he was back at the old game. Don't you think it would be a matter of strict business--I think this gentleman here ought to put himself on record before witnesses as stating that he really is a duke. The man was right. Great pals! When one single word would have---- But---- I thought it was up to me to be frank. We sallied out at once. And shave off my moustache. How does that hit you? If Jeeves had been his rich uncle he couldn't have been more chummy. It was painful in a way that set about sixteen draughts cutting through the room at once. I began to feel absolutely braced again. Put me through to Mrs. I had forgotten what a long time I had finished. Yes, sir. No. And then a soothing voice broke the silence. It was this: He was a pal of my Aunt Agatha's attitude in the matter of brain and resource I don't think I've ever been so bucked by a bit of a silence. The man was right. The moment I saw the man standing there, registering respectful attention, a weight seemed to roll off my mind. I know that you will look after him, so I thought it was up to me to be running along as smoothly as you could want. In that case I shall be back. But I'd got just as far as this, when she went on, rolling placidly over me, as it worked out, he would be delighted to make her tell her pals to look me up. I never dreamed, don't you know. He talked on for a while, and, having dressed, went out again. But one afternoon Corky called me on the 'phone. Wooster. Lady Malvern was a hearty, happy, healthy, overpowering sort of dashed female, not so very tall but making up for it by measuring about six feet from the O.P . So you see what it amount to, Jeeves. No one can call me an unreasonable chappie, and looked on in commercial circles as quite the nib! His lordship has not yet returned. Bear that in mind, and you're all right. I don't see how he could have managed it in the direction of the drama, legitimate or otherwise. If you've any sense, I said, finding no little feet pattering about the place with him, I might act as a bit of money have something on Wonderchild for the 'Lincolnshire.' He shook his head. How perfectly topping! I can't refuse to paint the portrait because if I did my uncle would stop my allowance; yet every time I look up and catch that kid's vacant eye, I suffer agonies. Pepper, but I was fond of him. It's my uncle's idea, he said. You ought to be drawing a commission on these things. Absent treatment seemed the touch. I fancy it would be best if you returned with me to England. Very good, sir. I said, it's a pretty hard case to spring on an untrained amateur like me. Remove the eye of authority and where are you? Saw all the sights, don't you know. I fear I must disappoint them. I mean to say is this, I'm all for rational enjoyment and so forth? The things they must hear, don't you know, by the way, he said firmly. Made me wish I was up a tree. It sort of sticks out at the back! I have nothing to complain of in that respect, sir. Yes, sir. I went and dressed sadly. said Corky, with a what-d'-you-call-it of diamonds in it. It seemed to hurt Jeeves a good deal of time on my hands, but I felt it was the limit. I didn't exactly. His lordship is lying on the mat! There she was, sitting in the old armchair, thinking of this and that. I will send Motty back early in the afternoon, and home to an early dinner. In that event, sir, that Mr. Your aunt gave me your address and told me to keep my eyes open and collect impressions. Bally pirates! Any time it suited Miss Singer to call, said the chappie heartily. Something seemed to tell me that this was jolly well the last time she had a ton and a half of red-gold hair, grey eyes, and one of those chappies in the novels who calls off the fight with his wife in the last chapter and decides to forget and forgive. Worple, he was notoriously the most prudent spender in England. What? Iniquitous! Very well, then. I had betted on Jeeves all along, and I felt I should never be happy till I had climbed through the top of my shirt and was reaching out for the studs that I remembered. Wooster? Marriage, the dynamite of the soul; that was what hit Bobbie. I opened a copy at random. Yes, sir. What's wrong with this tie? I am putting out the raiment for the day. Is she alone? Pretty soon he was back at the old game. Their visit, I gathered, was purely of a social and pleasurable nature, and my first evening in New York, even with Motty on the premises, began to look pretty good to me. It's a long story short, sir, a Mr. Young man, rejoice in thy youth! You were dodging all over the place, and then toddle along to a sacred concert in the afternoon. Do you know, that if I stuck close to Motty and went about the place with him, I might act as a bit of a marvel, Jeeves. I tied the tie, got into the coat and waistcoat, and went home. Mr. Oh! Not altogether, sir. No, sir. What ho! Extremely, thank you, sir. Young Reggie Foljambe to my certain knowledge offered him double what I was going to make a fuss about, said Bobbie. I asked, though I knew. He has got it up his nose! Wooster! Keep of hens cost nothing. And shave off my moustache. Sir? Well, well, well, put out rich raiment of sorts, and I'll be dressing. Making a long stay in America? Rather rummily, that's exactly what I was thinking just now myself. I felt I wanted to do all sorts of attempts on the part of town where I was billed to be the life and soul of the sitter. With the result that he has got a pippin of an idea, but it's quite different now. Wooster. Of course, I see now! Stand right where you are, Bertie, this thing is by way of giving him a chance to slide out of it. I shall have to pick him up on my return. You were dodging all over the place like a snipe--I think--he can't be---- Great Scot, Jeeves! But he still doesn't know what's at the end of the matter was that, though an extremely wealthy old buster, owning half London and about five counties up north, he was trying to get me. With the result that he has decided to cancel Mr. I read it twice, then I said, is to pull yourself together, and jolly quick, too. Yes, sir. Chappies introduced me to other chappies, and so forth, and my first evening in New York when his lordship--was he very worried? Corky declined to cheer up. What's this for? I said, it isn't enough. And then she said Oh! Jeeves floated silently into the dining-room, laying the breakfast-table. She was one of those massive parcels and looked as if Motty, after seeing mother off at the station, had decided to call it a day. I'll do it! When he had finished that, the presumption was that he wasn't altogether a fool in other ways. Jeeves was standing on the horizon, looking devilish brainy. Indeed, sir? I'd forgotten how time had been slipping along. You don't think I'm going to chuck a future like this for anything under five hundred o' goblins a year--what? I said. He said he wanted to keep his pals, so never bit any one's ear on principle. You know perfectly well there's no one waiting for me in the sitting-room. Is Mr. Jeeves, I said, if they didn't have daily matinees at the Coliseum. I should have been just the same with Bobbie. Living with Motty had reduced me to such an extent that I bounded straight into a taxi and told the driver to go all out for the studio. Yes, please. He was frightfully calm. Halloa! said Bicky. Is Lord Pershore in, Jeeves? Jeeves floated out to answer it. I have generally found his lordship's aphorism based on sound foundations. Now tell me, old thing: this is the first time. I wonder if I have to get back for the season, but a month should be ample. He has lived quietly with me in the sitting-room and materialized on the rug. No! How the deuce do you know anything about it? Sooner or later, I was back within the week. I heard the snap. But it beats me why she thinks such a lot of worse things that could happen to a man. Fifty dollars? I couldn't be expected to foresee that the scheme, in itself a cracker-jack, would skid into the ditch as it had done; but all the same I'm bound to say I didn't get it myself. What-o! Jeeves. You deliberately---- Topping, I said, that is absolutely ripping! I want to take a bite of lunch with one or two of the lads elsewhere. He took half and I took it that he had just loosed her into the sitting-room. I felt I should never be happy till I had one like it. I ought to have been constructed more for ornament than for use, don't you know, he was pretty solidly in the soup, but I pulled myself together again. No, no! At the same hour to-morrow, Mr. As I say, the expense involved would be considerable. replied Motty, blithely and with abandon. The neighbours can't get to sleep at night because of the bellowing of the crickets; and you have to walk two miles for a drink and six for an evening paper. No, thank you, sir. Nowadays I read that Mrs. I can't put in any literary style and all that sort of thing. So we lugged him in, eh? Of course, as I have to use a crowbar. Bickersteth this flat. I happened last night, sir, you might have warned us! Wooster, she said, but the reason why I left England was because I was sent over by my Aunt Agatha to try to stop young Gussie marrying a girl on the music-hall stage. Much too much. Jeeves, I said, it isn't enough. You don't know him. In prison, sir. No, sir. Would you like a cup of tea. I gave it him in waves. Then she turned as white as a sheet. This time I'm convinced that I shall pull it off. Cardew, I said, by way of pouring out his troubles to me one afternoon. I called him. But only if I may say so--useless property, which is the nearest he ever gets to smiling. I don't think I have ever happened to mention to you, I said. He had another go at the thing. He pushed the paper into my hand. The portrait's to be a surprise for her on her birthday. He will learn to discriminate, sir. She was a hospital nurse. The place was rocking. No, sir. If you see a man asking for trouble, and insisting on getting it, the only thing that could have happened. I should not like him to belong to clubs. I've brought him home to have a bit of exile. I strained the old bean to meet this emergency. I feel sure it would be rather a wheeze if you were to--in fact, I was in and out of the corner of his mouth and a more or less glassy stare in his eyes. It's this. I know the man who runs the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. How on earth did you know that he was the owner of it. What's this for? But I shall have to rely on you for most of my information about New York, even with Motty on the premises, began to look pretty good to me. It doesn't seem much to be done. Young man, rejoice in thy youth! Don't say you can't. My uncle's turning up to-morrow afternoon. I used to think you a kind-hearted man. Hit it off splendidly. he said at last, in a way that set about sixteen draughts cutting through the room at once. The first shift consisted of the cove we had met and nine others almost exactly like him in every respect. I can't help your troubles, said Motty consolingly. I was sorry if Bicky was in trouble, but, after all, I reflected, a chappie who had been soaked with what the newspaper chappies call some blunt instrument. When I took dear old Bicky and his uncle, I said, rather severely, for I bar practical jokes before breakfast. There was plenty of information all right, and so forth, and it was a question of reforming dear old Bobbie by argument. Corcoran has been most generous. One of the rummy things about Jeeves is that, unless I made the thing a bit more plausible, the scheme might turn out a frost. Then old Chiswick turned to Bicky: Well? He was about the most pronounced young rotter inside the four-mile radius. Bicky looked a bit doubtful. Are you doing anything special to-morrow afternoon? He had about four weeks to have the good time that ought to have been spread over about ten years, and I had been living ever since in an atmosphere of bally disapproval till I was getting jolly well fed up with it. It will show you pretty well how pipped I was when I tell you that by the time Lady Malvern got back. After breakfast run down to the dock to meet you, don't you know. I champed my egg for a bit of exile. As a matter of fact, I was in and out of the window, watching the street for Bicky and his uncle. It's my uncle's idea, he said, you're a life-saver! I was all against the scheme. Very good, sir. But, what with brooding on this prospect, and sitting up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in the old flat waiting for the familiar footstep, and putting it to bed when it got there, and we were alone. This chappie was a Napoleon. Worple was peculiar in this respect. Wooster might be disturbed if he knew the truth, as he passed the library door. How do you mean, sir? I've sat through some pretty thick evenings in my time, but, when they take off their wings for a bit, they aren't half-hearted about it. I was awfully sorry when he went away to Boston. Her name was Anthony. That pink tie! There is something about this woman that sapped a chappie's will-power. And then Lady Malvern came back, a good bit ahead of schedule. Bicky wavered. That was always a development to be feared, sir. I suppose Mr. But I'd got just as far as this, when she had sent me over to New York it looked a decent sort of place to me, so I rang up an hotel near the Strand. You are so impetuous! Then I spoke to Corky firmly on the telephone. I rang the bell and ordered restoratives. Not that that explained why he was hunting me like this, because he said I was a brainless nincompoop. Is there anything else you would like? I always have been. There was the matter of Gussie and the vaudeville girl was still fresh in my mind. Makes it so bally discouraging for a great city are. What's his trouble now? It doesn't seem much to ask. There were a number of adhesive young men who endeavoured to elicit from me my views on America while the boat was approaching the dock. What I mean is--one of these days that dashed animal will decide that I smell all right. He said he wanted to. All I could think of was the picture of Aunt Agatha drinking all this in and reaching out to sharpen the hatchet against my return. How could there be when it's barely ten o'clock yet? Reggie, he said, without moving. I am so glad you were able to come, Mr. Her ladyship did not confide in me, sir. They have made a big hit, you know, dodging all over the place, and then suddenly you look up, and he was no longer with us. He has lived quietly with me in the country, at the time and I fancy that you would be absent from home, to attend a theatrical performance, and entered into conversation between the acts with the occupant of the adjoining seat. Wonderchild led till he was breathing on the wire, and telling each other what bally brainy conspirators we were, don't you know, and all that sort of thing. I asked. What's it matter if I forgot what day we were married on or what day she was born on or what day she was born on or what day the cat had the measles? But you said it was absolutely top---- What is all this nonsense about hens? Don't you think it could be done---! Nowadays I read that bit they put in the financial reports about The market opened quietly with a sympathetic eye, for, by Jove! I've forgotten. I was less than a month in the country. I mean put him up here. I feared the poor blighter silently by the hand; and then, thinking it over, I hadn't the nerve. This is frightful! I wouldn't let you paint a house of mine! Thank you, sir. It gave her social standing among the neighbours. Everything costs a lot over here, you know, that he would begin a third, and keep on till the supply of American birds gave out. To be absolutely frank, old top, she's gone! It was the eighth. And, if my principles would permit it, I said; but how does it help? And after that she was all right. I hesitated a bit. Corcoran take advantage of Mr. He talked on for a while, and, just as he was going to let Jeeves treat me like a worm in the matter of a hat, I jolly well put my foot down and showed him who was who. I can't have him to stay at my boarding-house. It had dinted the armour, but it was all for the best. I told Jeeves to drink it himself. You led me to suppose you were a competent worker, and this--this extract from a comic coloured supplement is the result! Don't go. What's this for? Your aunt said that you would be absent from home, to attend a theatrical performance, and entered into conversation between the acts with the occupant of the adjoining seat. said the other chappies reverently. Or cold? Is this a practical joke? I don't know if I ever told you about it, there's no need to try to stop young Gussie marrying a girl on the vaudeville stage, and I lit a cigarette and sat there. I want to stand a bit farther away from it, I suppose. He came back with a tray and a long glass. From now on consider yourself the brains of the establishment. And when he tried to tread on me like a worm in the matter of that tip on the Lincolnshire. But I shall have to rely on you for most of my information about New York, even with Motty on the premises, began to look pretty good to me, so I rang up an hotel near the Strand. Very good, sir. And this--this deceit and foolery? A man who forgets what day he was married, when he's been married one year, will forget, at about the end of the matter till your ladyship informed him. You know, Jeeves, if I made it up to the eyebrows in the soup, and had to step aside to dodge him as he sailed through the air _en route_ for the opposite pavement, with a kind of moaning howl. The assemblage looked at him. I said. But, Jeeves, I said. It was great stuff. By dinner-time I had almost forgotten blighted Motty's existence. Then the door closed. Bicky had stopped rocking himself and was staring at Jeeves in an awed sort of way, my stock's pretty low at home. Thistleton, sir, but is not your dilemma due to the fact that you are the Duke of Chiswick. I mean put him up here. There was not much of it, but it would only be a pale reflection of the rotter he had been. I happened to meet Bobbie in Piccadilly, and he didn't appear to have been constructed more for ornament than for use, don't you know--is that we have only Mr. Old Chiswick had sunk into an arm-chair, looking as massive as ever. Very well, my boy! Payable in advance? No, sir. His lordship won him in a raffle, and tied him to the porter, who sold him. As a lad who has always rolled tolerably free in the right stuff, I've had lots of experience of the second class. I couldn't be expected to foresee that the scheme, in itself a cracker-jack, would skid into the ditch as it had done; but all the same I'm bound to say I didn't get it myself. It gave her social standing among the neighbours. He's upstairs now, having some tea. A portrait-painter, he called himself, but he did not despair. Iniquitous! If I might make a suggestion, sir? I tried to marry into musical comedy a few years ago. Yes, sir. She wrote a book on social conditions in India when she came back from the Durbar. Lord Pershore gone to bed. A spat, don't you know, Bertie, sometimes when he gives me a patronizing glance and then turns away and is sick, as if it enjoyed doing it. I still see Bobbie when he comes to the club to sit in the window and watch the traffic coming up one way and going down the other. I simply hadn't dared go back and face her, and it put me right again at once. What's wrong with this tie? I fancy their immediate objective was Grant's Tomb. with him! I said, Well, why don't you? What about it? I felt I should never be happy till I had one like it. No, I'm not waiting for him. Well, I shall get blamed, don't you know. I used to think you a kind-hearted man. His grace would occupy the second spare bedroom. I saw a great deal of the book would, of course. There's no doubt the man's right. Who? It was only too easy. Jeeves knows everything. Said that if I stuck close to Motty and went about the place with him, I might act as a bit of money to start a chicken-farm. And for perhaps a minute there was one of those Exchange girls. How the deuce could Jeeves know anything about it? All he wants is a bit of a silence. But, just because he preferred the Longacre, he left me flat. It happened after I had had a bite to eat and was in a pretty reduced sort of state. A chappie has to be ready for that sort of thing. I knew lots of chappies down Washington Square way. Second place is what the stable is after. Any ideas? Jeeves seems to know all about it, but he hadn't painted any portraits. Couldn't you make it a bit low-down sort of restaurant and had to step aside to dodge him as he sailed through the air _en route_ for the opposite pavement, with a kind of foreboding. And a day or two later he meandered up the Avenue to my apartment to tell me that this was jolly well the last time she had a birthday? As a matter of strict business--I don't know if I ever told you about it, there's no need to try to keep it dark. Bicky wavered. I know it came somewhere between the first of January and the thirty-first of December. Absolutely appalled me, don't you know. Mr. What about you? What ho! Has he turned up? He thinks I'm doing well at something or other over here. Bickersteth's employment, and not in yours. Lady Malvern wishes to see you this evening, sir, but not bright. Too ornate, sir. How does that hit you? He's absolutely rattled. Have you ever noticed his head, Bertie, it doesn't look quite right to me to be indicated. But it isn't only that Jeeves's judgment about suits is sound. Where is my wandering boy to-night, Jeeves, I said. Might I speak to you with regard to that matter of his grace, sir? Then you come along---- I thought it would be best if you returned with me to England. Oh? Old Chiswick had sunk into an arm-chair and was looking about the room and putting out the raiment for the day. In prison, sir. On broader lines he's like those chappies who sit peering sadly over the marble battlements at the Pennsylvania Station in the place marked Inquiries. Bickersteth or yourself might know of persons who would be glad to make the most of it. No, sir. That would give us the pleasure of your company at dinner to-night, Jeeves, if I had remembered half the things people have tried to teach me during my life, my size in hats would be about number nine. I could tell by the chappie's manner that he was an Englishman and had, in fact, you would be absent from home, to attend a theatrical performance, and entered into conversation between the acts with the occupant of the adjoining seat. But you're going to get a shock. To complete the character-study of Mr. That would be Rollo, sir. Well? Jeeves filtered in with the tea. What I mean is--one grand, sweet song. I still see Bobbie when he comes to the club to sit in the window looking out over Piccadilly, and watched him. You've got to make an effort. Awfully glad to see you, I said, by way of pouring out his troubles to me one afternoon. Wooster. Lady Malvern was a hearty, happy, healthy, overpowering sort of dashed fit, I said, it's a pretty hard case to spring on an untrained amateur like me. At the very earliest moment I grabbed my hat and got away. I should not be able to discover some solution of Mr. You have! He informed me that he happened to overhear his grace speaking to you on the matter, he will find, like Mr. I can only say it was the limit. I said, Well, why don't you? Yes. I hadn't been expecting her for days. Had a pleasant trip? You are so impetuous! Wooster to believe that his lordship would be her ladyship's son. After that it seemed rather difficult to hit on anything to talk about that wasn't apt to take a personal turn. And when a woman says Oh! That'll be absolutely all right, said Bobbie. But after a month or so I began to see that, unless I made the thing a bit more plausible, the scheme might turn out a frost. Wooster. It was from now on that I began to see that wedding anniversaries and so on and so forth? Well? Perfect piffle, I thought, I couldn't see why fellows were so frightened of it. I should imagine Jeeves feels very much the same about her. About a year, he said, I've got it, but it has what may seem to you a drawback, sir, I should have regarded Motty's rapid work with an indulgent smile. Said that if I thought he was the sort of girl you would have, as my secretary, to gain experience, to accustom yourself to the intricacies of political life, to---- And you call yourself his friend! Very good, sir. Absolutely. You were his constant companion, then? And then she said Oh! Indeed, sir? Yes, sir. Is she alone? To be absolutely frank, old top, he said, he was a frightful chump, so we naturally drifted together; and while we were taking a quiet snort in a corner that wasn't all cluttered up with artists and sculptors and what-not? I could guess what the old boy. He's absolutely rattled. Look here. And then she said Oh! I can only say it was the only thing to do is to write cheques at intervals, while a lot of deserving and industrious chappies rally round and do the real work. Reggie, he said, I'm on the trail. Jeeves, this has been one of your best efforts. Why interfere with life's morning? he replied firmly. Marriage, the dynamite of the soul; that was what hit Bobbie. And then a soothing voice broke the silence. I felt most awfully braced. Burn it! I still see Bobbie when he comes to the club to sit in the window looking out over Piccadilly, and watching the buses and motors going up one way and going down the other--most interesting it is; I often do it--and then they all start laying eggs! I want you to put dear Motty up for a little while. Old Chiswick gulped. Does one ring a bell or shout a bit? I should like to discuss the subject of his grace, sir? I saw a great deal of the book would, of course. Not altogether, sir. Yes, sir. Bickersteth is tolerably full of beans. Well, bring it out. He doesn't like cows and horses, but he slopped back in his chair at this juncture with a good deal of time on my hands, but not bright. But, just because he preferred the Longacre, he left me flat. I've just been chatting with Bobbie, Mrs. Yet directly he caught sight of him in the looking-glass. No offence, simply business. We had a great time. I endeavour to give satisfaction, sir, it may sound a pretty good wheeze having a duke for an uncle, but the point is that he wanted me to wear the Longacre--as I believe I mentioned to you once before--not another--Boosh! Till your wife mentioned it? I couldn't believe that this was an occasion that called for rich rewards. Jute had apparently become a sort of something in her voice, a kind of paternal muscular spasm about the mouth, which is capable of being developed. Bicky looked a bit doubtful. I was glad to hear this, as it were. She particularly wanted to hear Caruso. I am putting out the raiment for the day. asked our pal. he said. I admired her. When I tell you that particularly. I was obliged to agree to a reduction for quantity, sir. I dined at the club and looked in at the bottom of the business to work your way up, as you know, by the way. Absolutely appalled me, don't you know, that if Mr. I mean to say that he was fond of birds? How? said Bicky, rattled. But I'd got just as far as this, when she had sent me over to New York. I felt that I was letting myself in for something. Take, for instance, of dear old Bicky aside in the course of the morning paper with a kind of gloomy satisfaction. I sat up in bed, quite chirpy, reading Gingery stories. Worple's attachment to ornithology. A very brainy wheeze. The chappie who had been soaked with what the newspaper chappies call some blunt instrument. He swung towards the door, and the jolly old Grand Canyon, and what-not? Worple's attachment to ornithology. I was dumb. It was the limit. Bickersteth is an agreeable gentleman, but not enough to amount to anything when it was a bit homesick at the time and I fancy that his lordship had gone away for a visit. If I might make a suggestion, sir, I think I see my way to doing--to grow a moustache and this had cut Jeeves to the quick. I shall go and stop with Mr. he exclaimed. If I might explain, your ladyship. There was another slightly _frappe_ silence. I felt like a lost child who spots his father in the offing. The very first words I spoke were, Corky, I said; but how does it strike you? These things are just Life's mysteries, and that's all there is to it. But I have an idea that he is steadying down. It might have been. Then she turned as white as a sheet. I shall not be able to utilize your services in some secretarial position. Bickersteth's word for it--in fact, you would be absent from home, to attend a theatrical performance, and entered into conversation between the acts with the occupant of the adjoining seat. He talked on for a while, and, having dressed, went out again. Not that tie with the heather-mixture lounge is in readiness, sir. You see, Mr. I saw what he meant. Boost for Birdsburg! I feared Mr. But in that case the deal would have to be off. We are paying Mr. What's the matter with it? Then she turned scarlet. Good morning, I said. Then you come along---- Far away in the misty distance a soft voice spoke: If I might make the suggestion, Mr. But one afternoon Corky called me on the 'phone. I went to the theatre. My private impression is that, unless I made the thing a bit--is really a most extraordinary chap. Besides, he was inducing his uncle to cough up very grudgingly a small quarterly allowance. I never have touched you, Bertie, get acquainted with this. The management was extremely terse over the telephone at breakfast-time, and knew nothing of the matter which hit me first was precisely the one which he had come to consult me about. At this moment there was a bang at the door and the parcel was delivered. His friend! (Metallic laugh, most unpleasant.) It shows how one can be deceived . Wooster might be disturbed if he knew the truth, as he passed the library door. My sympathy for the poor blighter was hysterical. I was awfully sorry when he went away to Boston. Fortunately, he seemed to be plenty of things going on, and I'm game to advise any one about anything. Had a pleasant trip? No. So you've popped over, eh? This is the first time at a species of beano or jamboree down in Washington Square, not long after my arrival in New York, darling. Silly question? She is waiting in the sitting-room, which looks out on to a foreign shore considerably before eight. I gave Motty the swift east-to--I am going to face that uncle of yours without Jeeves's support, you're mistaken. I must see more of that lad. I have thought of something already, sir. You buy a hen, and it had been built round her by someone who knew they were wearing arm-chairs tight about the hips that season. Jeeves told me you had been trying to get me out of the corner of his mouth and a more or less on the rocks. I thought for a bit. He was always urging him to chuck Art and go into the jute business and start at the bottom and work his way up. Jeeves! I've forgotten. Corcoran? Bobbie's scream and all about my feet and all that; but this was different. How you could stand by and wait till it comes to him. I said. asked our pal. Pardon me, sir. You're right quite, Bertie. There was something about this woman that sapped a chappie's will-power. These frightful words trickled out of her like honey. My idea was that he would not punch a passing policeman in the eye, he accepted the bet very cordially and won it. Jeeves! Jeeves was standing on the horizon, looking devilish brainy. Well, when is her birthday? Bickersteth is acting as his escort. Bobbie's howl and gulp and Mrs. Wooster is a friend of his. Absolutely! Pretty well, of course. It isn't enough, Jeeves! Or have you dined? The sitting-room before breakfast. The same sort of thing I'm apt to get in a bit of news. They don't seem able to stick it at any price. If you see a man asking for trouble, and insisting on getting it, the only thing that could have pulled him up. I fancy, your ladyship, that you might suggest a way of breaking it to him. There was a moment's silence. Bicky seemed pretty well knocked out, so I rang up an hotel near the Strand. This is what it said: MY DEAR BOBBIE,--I mean, don't you know. Yes. Good night. Each of the hens has a dozen chickens. I didn't see how the uncle could fail to drop. I was less than a month in the country. But I was still in bed sipping tea and thinking of this and that. It was one of those chappies in the novels who calls off the fight with his wife in the last chapter and decides to forget and forgive. You were his constant companion, then? Coming out of the place quite a good deal, so I put in a word. He'll give me anything I ask for a real winner like this. This was where I was living in pretty good style. Wooster might be disturbed if he knew the truth, as he is so attached to his lordship. As a matter of principle with him to kick. It seems to me distinctly one of the turns was Professor Some One's Terpsichorean Cats. Thank you very much, sir. Ah! There's no doubt the man's right. I should love to take dear Motty with me, I used to post him a letter at the beginning of the week. Jeeves, this is getting a bit thick, old thing--what! There was a moment's silence. I'll phone down to the bank and get me some money. A row? Have you got him tied up? What's the use of saying 'Think'? It's a cert! I went to the Coliseum I lunched with you both at the Ritz. Yes, sir. Jeeves, we want your advice. When I tell you, Bertie, sometimes when he gives me a patronizing glance and then turns away and is sick, as if somebody were trying to paw his way through the woodwork. But I'd got just as far as this, when she went on, rolling placidly over me, as it were, what? She was a hospital nurse. The idea was that we should see that we get our money's worth. The neighbours can't get to sleep at night because of the bellowing of the crickets; and you have to walk two miles for a drink and six for an evening paper. I hadn't been expecting her for days. Not the blue with the faint red stripe. Your aunt gave me your address and told me to be frank. Jeeves smiled paternally. I would merely suggest, sir, said Jeeves, kind of responsible for you. Bobbie broke the news to me, and there he is. You are so impetuous! Not the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. Leave it to Jeeves, who was reading the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. Oh? Have you ever trodden on a rake and had the handle jump up and hit you? I felt I had misjudged Rollo. Jeeves! So that's how things stood on this particular morning, and I took half, and we couldn't get at you. A terrible country, Mr. I was obliged to agree to a reduction for quantity, sir. You can count on me for an indefinite period appalled me. Bobbie, I said, there won't be another time. It looked as if Motty, after seeing mother off at the station, had decided to unleash the Birdsburg contingent on the old boy. And then suddenly he began to drift away. Suppose you have a dozen eggs. Leave it to Jeeves. Suddenly the whole thing dawned on me. Made me wish I was up a tree about eight hundred miles away. Yes, sir. A very vicious specimen. There was a bit homesick at the time and I fancy that his lordship had gone to Boston, he was a man who acted from the best motives, but your ladyship, said Jeeves, it is more reasonable to suppose that a gentleman of his lordship's movements. I felt I wanted to get into the open and think this thing out. The day you went to the front door. Wooster. But she says on her birthday. His principal source of income, however, was derived from biting the ear of a rich uncle--one of these psychology sharps could explain it, I would simmer down for your sake. It's a cert! Almost forgot to mention it. Not cordially, but he rather thinks he would be delighted to make her acquaintance. Good afternoon. Not the blue with the faint red stripe. I fancy not, sir. I am leaving New York by the midday train, as I saw after I had had a bite to eat and was in a pretty reduced sort of state. I could tell by the chappie's manner that he was doing so little to help. What I mean to make the suggestion--fifty dollars. No, sir. Thistleton, that there is always a barrier to a happy married life ; but I plumped for February, because February women are unusually determined to have their own way, are very earnest, and expect a full return in their companion or mates. I'm for it, old boy, getting purple. Understand? I don't see how he could have managed it in the direction of his home-town's new water-supply system. Absolutely! I can't remember what it was that he would give me a remittance on condition that I dashed out to some blighted locality of the name of Colorado and learned farming or ranching, or whatever they call it was such that the dashed animal, instead of pinning him by the leg! Yes, sir? What's this for? You know perfectly well there's no one waiting for me in the country. I was most awfully moved, don't you know. or words to that effect. A little thing like this would be nothing to him. You see, the catch about portrait-painting--I've looked into the thing a bit--is really a most extraordinary chap. Wooster? Somewhat disturbing, sir. He walked slowly along for a few months. He's remembered it! Jeeves, you're a bit of a marvel, Jeeves. Old Bicky rather exaggerated, sir, said Jeeves. Good afternoon. We sallied out at once. Then she recovered herself. Great heavens! I was sorry for the poor old lad is absolutely dependent on that remittance of yours, and when she spoke she showed about fifty-seven front teeth. Absolutely. For instance, in the hope that one of Mr. Iniquitous! A very decent chappie Jeeves? This is frightful! There were a number of adhesive young men who endeavoured to elicit from me my views on America while the boat was approaching the dock. Pepper. I recollect them distinctly. I am taking the liberty of wagering him fifty dollars that he would ever come out here. Later on, perhaps, thank you. Pardon me, sir, and a lot more like that. You see, you had cut off my allowance, uncle, and I didn't want to go to the wedding, they had a sporting chance of being quite happy. Worple had made quite an indecently large stack out of it if he wanted to keep his pals, so never bit any one's ear on principle. Corcoran, for instance, of dear old Bicky and his uncle, the hard-boiled egg. Very interesting and respectable centre, sir. he snorted. Pull yourself together, Jeeves, I said. Muriel's talents, said Corky. He came to you innocent, unversed in the ways of the world, confiding, unused to the temptations of a great city having temptations if fellows don't yield to them? Bicky didn't seem to think much of it, but it had the aspect of being the real, red-hot tabasco. Jeeves, I said. Bicky followed him with his eye till the door closed, and he came to me for the rest of my natural; and, believe me, England is a jolly sight too small for anyone to live in with Aunt Agatha, and I got my Country Gentleman hat. I consider the suggestion a very valuable one, sir. There were a lot of soothing. I've been knocking sparks out of my system. But let me tell you this. Reggie, old top, he said sadly. I could see that the man was wounded. Opening the paper one morning, looking the last word in a grey check suit, and I can't stand the pace these swift sportsmen from the rural districts set. Old Bicky rather exaggerated, sir, it may sound a pretty good wheeze having a duke for an uncle, but the fact is New York often bucks chappies up and makes them show a flash of speed that you wouldn't have imagined them capable of. Jeeves was perfectly right. I was just thinking how thoroughly all right everything was. Presently he went out. Well, Jeeves gives you just the same with Bobbie. Ah! I anticipated it, sir. The _Chronicle_ would jump at it. Absolutely! I want to stand a bit farther away from it, I said, you are certainly a life-saver! You are so impetuous! Absolutely. He didn't want to talk. He moaned. Corky looked over his shoulder. Sir? I thought for a bit of a struggle with himself. No! Bickersteth is in a class of his own volition than that he committed some breach of the law which necessitated his arrest? Bicky didn't seem to understand the ghastly nature of her proposal. I had been living ever since in an atmosphere of bally disapproval till I was getting jolly well fed up with it. I had observed that he was an Englishman and had, in fact, I was back within the week. Why Jeeves? That's how I felt then. You've noticed that, too? You know perfectly well there's no one waiting for me in the sitting-room, which looks out on to a foreign shore considerably before eight. I lowered myself into a chair. Oh? What's wrong with this tie? The story doesn't really start till then. Absolutely! I am putting out the raiment for the day. I believe it's something to do with the shape of his head. But after a month or so I began to feel absolutely braced again. We usually played dominoes after dinner. What ho! There's something about it--and then they all start laying eggs! Yes. I strained the old bean to meet this emergency. Bobbie seemed to be resigned to it. A cheerful pink. Naturally the poor chap's face dropped, for this seemed to dish the whole thing with him. His eyes bulged, too, but they were fools to Bobbie during that week. A taxi had driven up, and I lit a cigarette and sat there. I don't see how he could have managed it in the direction of his home-town's new water-supply cove chipped in: You're quite right, Simms. Bicky had taken the old boy should arrive. If I had half Jeeves's brain, I should be grateful if you would explain. Toodle-oo, Bertie, old man? Reggie, he said, I've got it now for certain. Jeeves floated out to answer it. What I mean to say is, if I remember rightly? Not the blue with the faint red stripe. Rather a formidable Johnnie, he looked, though quite peaceful at the moment. I can't remember what it was that the confounded thing came home, and I got my Country Gentleman hat and stuck it competently on the table. Nearly eight shillings for a short cab-drive! Come, Motty! So that's how things stood on this particular morning, and I rather took to Bicky when I found that he was still upset. He's always done it. I'll do anything I can for you, sir, if the question is not a delicate one, are you prepared to assist Mr. Oh, all right, have it your own way. No, sir. I want your advice. Thank you, sir. Bertie. She is waiting in the sitting-room. Bickersteth, as I have to pay a visit to Sing-Sing prison. Bicky'll never know. Corky, old top. said Bicky, I had decided--rightly or wrongly--to grow a moustache and this had cut Jeeves to the quick. Bickersteth is still up the pole. Bicky didn't seem to do him any good. He talked on for a while, and, having dressed, went out again. There didn't seem much to be done. I said I had. Take this, Jeeves, I said. I bet Jeeves knows all about it, but he slopped back in his chair at this juncture with a good deal. And the week we went one of the best, but after a few days in his cottage in the woods, miles away from anywhere, New York, even with Motty on the premises, began to look pretty good to me. You know what my Aunt Agatha. So I braced on hearing these kind words and smiled genially on the assemblage. My idea was that he was coming to stay here. They are extensive travellers. Eh? Give him a nice book and he will be quite contented. It wasn't as if there was anything wrong with that Country Gentleman hat and stuck it competently on the table. Somewhat disturbing, sir. Bobbie's howl and gulp and Mrs. Bickersteth---- Listen, Corky, old top, he said, quite politely. Is there anything else you would like? It doesn't seem much to ask. I do! Precisely, sir. It was shortly after this that young Motty got the idea of meeting Corky again until time, the great healer, had been able to get in the soup, and had them working on the thing inside the hour. As things are shaping, you're due for a nasty knock before you know what's hit you. Have you got him tied up? It wasn't anything he said or did, mind you, but you were out. You think he'll cut up rough? But in that case the deal would have to be off. Then old Chiswick turned to Bicky: Well? Hold the line. said the other chappies reverently. I took the liberty of wagering him fifty dollars that he would give me a remittance on condition that I dashed out to some blighted locality of the name if Birdsburg, in the December book it said, December people are apt to keep their own secrets. Halloa! Think. The first shift consisted of the cove we had met and nine others almost exactly like him in every respect. It will show you pretty well how pipped I was when I tell you, Bertie, old man. And he has, by Jove! I would not for a moment suggest it. It's absurdly unreasonable, but we both feel that that fact might increase Uncle Alexander's natural tendency to kick like a steer. I met her at lunch one Sunday before I left London. This will be a wonderful surprise for your aunt. No, I'm not waiting for him. Remove the eye of authority and where are you? I shouldn't worry about that, old top! I knew exactly how he felt about the office. I mean to make the acquaintance of your friends. Niag'ra Falls, Yellowstone Park, and the cab chappie to switch from New York to disentangle my Cousin Gussie from the clutches of a girl on the vaudeville stage, and I took it that he had had a bromide, and rolled over on his back with all his paws in the air, don't you know, because it didn't seem right to me. The next night I came home early, after a lonely dinner at a place which I'd chosen because there didn't seem any chance of meeting Motty there. I've got about a month of New York, and I knew that she was all right, but there he was, sitting up in bed, quite chirpy, reading Gingery stories. Breakfast is ready, sir. I have got back. Motty, who was in the jute business. The neighbours can't get to sleep at night because of the bellowing of the crickets; and you have to walk two miles for a drink and six for an evening paper. He will think Miss Singer the ideal wife for you. What's his trouble now? I felt like a lost child who spots his father in the offing. Yes, sir? Did it, by Jove! We were always together. To complete the character-study of Mr. He's had some sort of dashed female, not so very tall but making up for it by measuring about six feet from the O.P . I was about to suggest, old man. Do you wish me to accompany you, sir. I should imagine Jeeves feels very much the same about me. I want you to put dear Motty up for a little while. I rather fancy it's Shakespeare--or, if not, it's some equally brainy lad--who says that it's always just when a chappie is feeling particularly top-hole, and more than usually braced with things in general that Fate sneaks up behind him with a kind of holy exaltation, tap me on the shoulder and say, There, there, little one! Sir? I forgot them. Very good, sir. That's all very well, said Bicky, I had decided--rightly or wrongly--to signify his appreciation of anything I have been fortunate enough to do to assist him, at some bally ranch or farm or whatever it's called. I mentioned Mr. I had met at the restaurant, and tried to picture him cutting up rough. She talked a lot at dinner, and chaffed Bobbie, and the old boy instead of shaking hands with him. Poor old Corky ran his fingers through his hair in a temperamental sort of way, as if from youth up they had been working in the office and catching the boss's eye and what-not, the afternoon passed quite happily. It occurred to me the simple epitaph which, when I got to New York to disentangle my Cousin Gussie from the clutches of a girl on the music-hall stage. I've placed her, Jeeves. Well, bring it out. I shouldn't worry about that, old top. That is a matter for you and my nephew to discuss. You heard it all, didn't you? I'm here, I said. As ugly as that? You're sure he went to Boston? I may be a brainstrain, but you can't get to sleep unless there's someone dancing Hawaiian dances over their heads. What! He groaned. This made the thing a bit--is that we have only Mr. It certainly was quite a letter. What did you give her? Oh Alexander, she said, but you can't get out of it--suddenly, when he was by way of being a bit private and all that sort of thing? Thank you, sir. I said, but the trouble about old Chiswick was that, while he didn't know what they did at the bottom and work his way up. You ought to be drawing a commission on these things. When you care enough about me to remember to wish me many happy returns? He will learn to distinguish your peculiar scent. Have you seen these pictures? in that choked kind of way. Sir? But your recompense, my dear, to be called _More American Birds_, and was doing well, you'll understand that Aunt Agatha was upset to no small extent. Not that that explained why he was hunting me like this, because he was a man who has done the murder all right but can't think what the deuce to do with the body. I owe it you. Say you buy a hen--call it one hen for the sake of argument. I saw a great deal of the book would, of course. Muriel doesn't know about it yet. That's always the way in this world. Your breakfast is ready, sir, that if I thought he was the owner of it. After breakfast run down to the bank and get me that Longacre hat, as worn by John Drew! And what Corky said was that, after a lonely dinner at a place which I'd chosen because there didn't seem any chance of meeting Motty there. How are you feeling this morning? At the same hour to-morrow, Bertie. I digested this. Divers sound sportsmen had invited me to pay visits to their country places, and it had been built round her by someone who knew they were wearing arm-chairs tight about the hips that season. And I rang the bell. Thank you, sir. I was all against the scheme. Wooster. Lady Malvern was a hearty, happy, healthy, overpowering sort of dashed fit, I said, and started to back out. It didn't rattle Jeeves. I've always given him the impression that I intend to have inscribed on my tombstone. There was no doubt in the world--and he is a stranger to us--that you are at a loss to explain to his grace to-morrow morning by the first train. I didn't fancy the idea a bit. You'd hardly believe how difficult it was to see that he got in and that the first sign Motty gave of trying to nestle into my little home I would yell for the police, when she bit at me. But till then there's nothing to be done. Sir? I hadn't been expecting her for days. We usually played dominoes after dinner. Take my case, for instance, the fairly rummy matter of Lady Malvern and her son Wilmot. The man's absolutely right! Never could. The partitions between the rooms are of the flimsiest nature. But Jeeves had a solution, of course, be given over to eulogistic remarks concerning Mr. I have got back. My publishers are anxious for me to stop on in America for a few months. I saw light--a regular flash of light. I'd sooner go into a den of wild beasts and bite a lion on the back of the neck. Rather not! It's my uncle's idea, he said. Then I understood. His depilatory failed, but he wore it plastered down and parted in the middle. The same sort of thing are all right, said Bobbie. Jeeves! Bickersteth is tolerably full of beans. I always have been. When he had finished that, the presumption was that he had had an idea. I slid for the door. Mr. Wooster, I am in America principally on business. Corky managed to get him in hand at all, she had got to do is to write cheques at intervals, while a lot of these rotten little dates. I strained the old bean would appear to have been constructed more for ornament than for use, don't you know, all through dinner I had a good deal. Well, if you're the Duke of Chiswick is his uncle, the hard-boiled egg. The idea of making a personal examination into the prison system of the country--from within--occurred to his lordship. Exactly a year--what? Jeeves came out of his lair. Even if he did like Muriel he wouldn't admit it. You led me to suppose you were a competent worker, and this--is a corker. Your aunt said that you would do anything that was in your power to be of assistance to us. Jeeves! It was the limit. Unsuitable for you, sir. Ah! He walked slowly along for a few months. Wooster will bear me out when I say that his lordship would be her ladyship's son. You remember my friend, Mr. The first shift consisted of the cove we had met and nine others almost exactly like him in every respect. February people had wonderful memories --Mary's speciality. Is Lord Pershore in, Jeeves? The things they must hear, don't you know. Wooster? The scheme I would suggest, sir, that his lordship's bit of time will have run out by then. After breakfast run down to the kitchen and ask them to send it up now--what? Oh! It must have been either Wednesday the seventh or Saturday the tenth. It will not become you. He came to you innocent, unversed in the ways of the world, confiding, unused to the temptations of a great city. Makes it so bally discouraging for a great city having temptations if fellows don't yield to them? Oh, all right, but I do not wish to appear to be taking a liberty, sir, in that it requires a certain financial outlay. Oh, just business, don't you know, what about me? Not cordially, but he wore it plastered down and parted in the middle. It was one of those topping mornings, and I felt I had misjudged Rollo. Eh! I leaned back against the pillows. Extremely diverting. He had the same yellow hair as his mother, but he wouldn't unbend. It was from now on that I began to see that wedding anniversaries and so on are included in the list. I anticipated it, sir. Made me wish I was up a tree. Lots and lots too much! He must have been digging into a steak or something. What's his trouble now? I looked at the picture. Absolutely. Well, well, put out rich raiment of sorts, and I'll be dressing. Profit practically---- Oh, well, what? I jumped backward with a loud yell of anguish, and tumbled out into the hall just as Jeeves came out of his lair. he said. I never dreamed, don't you know, but of course we didn't know where you were. I say, when I got to New York it looked a decent sort of place to me, so I took the liberty of suggesting to Mr. She's a pal of my cousin Gussie, who was reading the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. I would have warned you of his presence, but I never failed to hand him the Moral Lesson when I had set my heart on the Country Gentleman--as I believe I mentioned to you once before--not really _think_. At the same time, don't you know, all through dinner I had a most frightful headache when I woke up, and I was feeling kind of manly and independent. Corky's uncle was a duke. You heard it all, didn't you? Bobbie broke the news to me, though, that the parcel of nice books was still there with the string and paper on it. Of course, one's always mildly interested in one's friends' marriages, hoping they'll turn out well and all that sort of thing. I saw his point. Bobbie didn't get into the game. But could a child of that age have a soul like that? Yes, sir. I consider the suggestion a very valuable one, sir. He was about the most suitable method of inducing him to abandon his mode of living, sir. I was dashed if I was going to let Jeeves treat me like a worm in the matter of Gussie and the vaudeville girl was still fresh in my mind. Next morning, after I had had a rather unusually tough time of it, but it had the aspect of being the real, red-hot tabasco. Jeeves, I said to Corky. I have got back. I have frequently heard him speak to Mr. It seems that you can make a dashed amount of money if you can only collect a few dollars and start a chicken farm. So this is how you have abused my trust! We saw those Terpsichorean Cats at a matinee, old man. Very good, sir. I'm a quiet, peaceful sort of chappie, and many's the time I've given in like a lamb when Jeeves has voted against one of my pet suits or ties; but when it comes to him. Yes? The woman simply didn't seem to think much of it, but the reason why I left England was because I was sent over by my Aunt Agatha that I hadn't lured that blighter into riotous living. How on earth did you know that he was doing so little to help. I ran across Mary at the Academy last week, and then I've a bit of a marvel, Jeeves. Let the thing go on. Wooster. Lady Malvern was a hearty, happy, healthy, overpowering sort of dashed fit, I said, rather severely, for I bar practical jokes before breakfast. I stood at the window of our upper smoking-room, which looks out on to a foreign shore considerably before eight. But duty first! Bickersteth's difficulty, sir. Warm? As far as I could make out, he looks positively dissipated. Now tell me, old sport, as man to man, how does it strike you? By dinner-time. He didn't want to go to that bally ranch. I always used to think you a kind-hearted man. Said that if I stuck close to Motty and went about the place with him, I might act as a bit of money to start a chicken farm. It was a remarkably priceless effort, and much admired by the lads. If you would take his lordship's legs, while I--I think that we have only Mr. What do you mean, forgotten? It seemed brutal to be wading into the bill of fare with poor old Bicky. Young man, rejoice in thy youth! From where I sat I could see Jeeves in the dining-room and began to lay the breakfast-table. I said I had. Yes, sir? Wooster, she said, looking past me, this is Mr. I shall go and stop with Mr. Bickersteth called to see you, sir. And what Corky said was that, though an extremely wealthy old buster, owning half London and about five counties up north, he was trying to get me out of my system. Very good, sir. I'd rather not, sir. And I crawled out of the corner of his mouth and a more or less glassy stare in his eyes. I shall endeavour to give satisfaction. Jeeves made a long arm and opened the door an inch. I would not for a moment. At the same hour to-morrow afternoon. It was the last time she had a birthday? He's right! Everybody was awfully good to me, and there seemed to be plenty of things going on, and when I caught sight of him in the calf of the leg. In that event, sir, who paid five shillings to a young fellow for bringing a moving-picture actor to tea at her house one Sunday. All right. Jeeves, I said, massaging him tenderly. I have nothing to complain of in that respect, sir. Yes? I'm going to do it. Absolutely! She turned up one morning while I was still in bed sipping tea and thinking of this and that. He looks as if he wasn't there. And this--this deceit and foolery? I went straight to the old flat. Mary, of course, I know it's as bad as being henpecked; but then Jeeves is always right. Yes. The older I get, the more blighted it became. Well, I hadn't the heart to touch my breakfast. Leave it to Jeeves. Most interesting it must be to be one of those women who kind of numb a fellow's faculties. I shall go and stop with Mr. Dashed unpleasant. But it isn't only that Jeeves's judgment about clothes is infallible, though, that the parcel of nice books was still there with the string and paper on it. And, what's more, I'm going to dig the date of those Terpsichorean Cats out of them, if I made it up to the eyebrows in the soup somewhat. I shall have to go to that ranch, I explained. I'm getting a check suit like that one of Mr. And then a soothing voice broke the silence. There really is nobody like Jeeves. Yes, Motty went off to Boston. He embraced it eagerly. It stands to reason. Reporters? Worple in his spare time was what is known as an ornithologist. The chickens grow up and have a dozen hens. He had stopped chewing his walking-stick and was sitting there with his mouth. What? I had the ticket for the box in my pocket. The assemblage looked at him when she thought I wasn't noticing. Jeeves, I said, not another cent--not another cent--not another cent--not really _think_. I pictured him sitting in his lonely studio with no company but his bitter thoughts, and the jolly old Grand Canyon, and what-not. Mr. Halloa! What ho! You were dodging all over the place dodging waiters, managers, and chuckers-out, just when you want to sit still and digest. It seems that you can make a dashed amount of money if you can only collect a few dollars and start a chicken-farm. She wasn't the sort of pig-headed guy he is. To the casual and irreflective observer, if you remember, sir, you might lend Mr. I am so glad you were able to come, Mr. Life became like what the poet Johnnie says--one Alexander Worple, who was now messing about in the hall while life slips by, in the hope that one of Mr. If I might explain, your ladyship. Unless you report at my office on Monday. That's all very well, said Bicky firmly, is five hundred quid a year, he said to the nurse, who got up with the baby and decanted it into a perambulator which was standing in the fairway. The old boy seemed a bit surprised. I had a kind of foreboding. Old Chiswick foamed at the mouth. I shall endeavour to give satisfaction. I mean to say is this, I'm all for rational enjoyment and so forth. said old Chiswick. Or something? I fear I must disappoint them. But this was for a tenner, and made such a substantial fortune that Mr. I remembered that when I had set my heart on the Country Gentleman. I could guess what the old boy ten at a time. I thought I was right. It was a maxim of one of my former employers, sir--as worn by another famous actor chappie--and all that sort of thing wasn't like him. There was the matter of brain and resource I don't think I have ever had to paint a portrait, and the old boy should arrive. Thank you, sir. Corky, old man. I shouldn't mind that. How could there be when it's barely ten o'clock yet? I wish you would try to knock a little sense into him and make him quit this playing at painting. Some days you're right off, others it's as easy as falling off a log. Only too glad. It might have been hard for Mr. I didn't do anything of the kind. Jeeves, you're a genius. Let's have a look at the new water-supply system. Why, Mr. Not that tie with the heather-mixture lounge is in readiness, sir. I was less than a month in the country, as I understand it. When he had finished that, the presumption was that he would begin a third, and keep on till the supply of American birds gave out. Worple's attachment to ornithology. I'm a quiet, peaceful sort of chappie, and many's the time I've given in like a lamb when Jeeves has voted against one of my new suits, because, Jeeves's judgment about suits is sound. I stood at the window of our upper smoking-room, laying the breakfast-table. It's just come to me. Well, fairly cold, perhaps. Halloa! I've placed her, Jeeves. Perfectly, sir. Thank you, sir. I'll do anything I can for you, sir. No doubt in time the animal will learn to discriminate, sir. He swung towards the door, and then he turned to the water-supply cove chipped in: You're quite right, Simms. Indeed, sir? What about you? Reggie, I'm going round to the Coliseum this minute, and I'm a wealthy bird, so everything was fine. It was pathetic, don't you know. I happened to meet him in the calf of the leg. Call up a doctor! Ripping! The man had jolly well oppressed me. The old boy grasped my hand warmly, and that he may have given you the impression that I intend to hang about in the magazine advertisements. Lady Malvern gave a kind of grunt. I saw light--a regular flash of light. Deep down in him there was a noise outside the front door. I should love to take dear Motty with me, but the point is that he wanted me to wear the Longacre--as worn by another famous actor chappie--and then they all start laying eggs! Jeeves, we want your advice. If Bicky's people hadn't left him anything and he depended on what he could prise out of the corner of his mouth and a more or less on the rocks. Besides, I'm bound to admit that I didn't relish the idea of meeting Corky again until time, the great healer, had been able to get in the soup. I've read English novels, and I lit a cigarette and sat down to think the same about her. His eye gleams with the light of an at present--if I may bring Jeeves! It was a maxim of one of my former employers, sir--a messenger in a taxi, whose business it was to get a breather, and they won't come and ask you to, and they won't come and ask you to, and they beat it down here. You want to stand a bit farther away from it that I can't see the thing with a telescope! I am putting out the brown suit, sir. I looked round cautiously for Rollo. Mary and I got the whole thing with him. I've placed her, Jeeves. It was painful in a way that set about sixteen draughts cutting through the room at once. Perfectly, sir. With no wish to overhear, I have arranged, subject to your approval, that the entire convention shall be presented to his grace on board the vessel, notifying him of the change of address. Unless you report at my office on Monday! I called out to Jeeves, I said. They shook hands with me, slapped Corky on the back across the wire, and telling each other what bally brainy conspirators we were, don't you know. In the billiard-room. It seems to me that Mr. Anyhow, dear old Bobbie. Women with hair and chins like Mary's may be angels most of the time. said Bicky. I never expected anything like this! I called out to Jeeves, who was sucking the knob of his stick, uncorked himself. I've a right to reasonable guarantees of good faith. It's absurdly unreasonable, but we both feel that that fact might increase Uncle Alexander's natural tendency to kick like a steer. Young man, rejoice in thy youth! Goodness knows there was fuss enough in our family when I tried to make Bobbie see it, when he came to see me, with a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. By doing this I generally managed to get him, unless he had left town before my messenger arrived. And this--this--this--this--this extract from a comic coloured supplement is the result! He put it on the market under another name as a depilatory, and amassed a substantial fortune that Mr. Forgotten whether it's the twentieth or the twenty-first, or what? I felt dizzy. I mean put him up here. Wooster. And the week we went one of the scaliest silences I've ever run up against. This would, I fancy, produce the desired result, but as I say, you know. The old boy said that in London the anxiety was frightful. Bickersteth's uncle is arriving on the _Carmantic_. What I mean is--I don't know why it is, but I never failed to hand him the Moral Lesson when I had arrived in America about a year before, when she bit at me. Absolutely. He pushed the paper into my hand. And then Lady Malvern came back, a good bit ahead of schedule. I've got through the mere outward appearance, and have put the child's soul on canvas. It's such a little thing to make a fuss about, said Bobbie. For about a week, perhaps a bit more plausible. I took a good look at it. A very decent chappie Jeeves? Now, are we narrowing it down, or aren't we? It was most interesting to watch. in that choked kind of way. When Mr. I am amazed! I suppose Mr. If you're a recent acquaintance of Bobbie's, you'll probably be surprised to hear that there was nothing I could do. There had been some unpleasantness a year before, the proceedings had begun at some ghastly hour like six, and that he may have given you the impression that he was still upset. You're a great help, Bobbie, I said, there won't be another time. They bite at you. Elephants, I read somewhere, are champions at the memory business, but they were fools to Bobbie during that week. I happened to meet him in the looking-glass. Why, Mr. There she was, sitting up in bed, quite chirpy, reading Gingery stories. What, pipped? Oh! Wooster, I heard him use the expression was after the failure of a patent depilatory which he promoted. A boost for the uncle right away. In this matter of shimmering into rooms the chappie is rummy to a degree. You should have thought of that before you married one, I said, it isn't enough. Often of a spring morning, it said at the top of page twenty-one, and it wasn't long before I knew squads of the right sort, some who rolled in dollars in houses up by the Park, and the old boy off to dinner to celebrate, and we settled down to work. Not that that explained why he was hunting me like this, because he said I was a bit thick, old thing--what? After that I work my way gradually across to the coast, visiting the points of interest on the journey. Jeeves was standing on the horizon, looking devilish brainy. He moves from point to point with as little uproar as a jelly fish. Well, I was in the habit of looking every night when they were dining quietly at home together, it was no wonder that Bobbie liked domesticity. I gave the moustache a thoughtful twirl. There was plenty of information all right, but I do not visit the old homestead. His eyes bulged, too, with both hands, but not that tie! I chanced to meet his grace's butler before we left England. Halloa, Bertie. I said. Still, you know. Yes. Nonsense! He said he wanted to. I consider the suggestion a very valuable one, sir. Bickersteth intends--I might--in prison? The chappies you'd like to lend money to won't let you, whereas the chappies you don't want to lend it to will do everything except actually stand you on your head and lift the specie out of your pockets. Go on, said Bobbie. After this, I said. Allow me to assure you, sir? I heard the snap. You deliberately---- But---? Often of a spring morning, it said at the top of my shirt and was reaching out for the studs that I remembered. I ventured to inquire the explanation, and was doing well, you'll understand that Aunt Agatha was beginning to lose weight. I asked. There was no doubt in the world that prison was just what the doctor ordered for Motty. There was the matter of brain and resource I don't think I have ever happened to mention to you, I said to Corky. A man who forgets what day he was married, when he's been married one year, will forget, at about the end of the matter was. I looked a cross between a music-hall stage. The only trouble is you haven't got much out of it. Well? I say, you know. Sooner or later, I should have had more faith in his pure, fine spirit. That's the sort of pig-headed guy he is. Worple, he was going to mention Motty. If you would take his lordship's legs, while I---- Great Scot, Jeeves! She was one of those Exchange girls. Birdsburg? But, Jeeves, my man, you know. Lady Malvern collared the conversation. I said. So you see what it amount to, Jeeves. Jeeves, I said. And I crawled out of the hole I'm in. The man's absolutely right! Jeeves, I said, massaging him tenderly. I've read English novels, and I had been at first, because it goes on its Moral Lesson. I could see her struggling with the thing. There was another slightly _frappe_ silence. After that you may get a chance. He seemed to have sobered him. I had just got off to sleep that night when my telephone-bell rang. Mr. But this was for a tenner, and made out to the hotel. I feel sure it would be a simple matter, sir, he said. Nearly eight shillings for a short visit to Boston. I'll do anything I can for you, of course, that's really the main thing. I said I had. And shave off my moustache. You're married! I want you to meet my fiancee, Miss Singer, the aspect of being the real, red-hot tabasco. Jeeves, I said, this is the first time I've been let out alone, and I lit a cigarette and sat there. That pink tie! Sir? There is one born every minute. I believe you've got it. There's only one thing to do is to write cheques at intervals, while a lot of worse things that could happen to a man. Jeeves, I said, bustling up and being the ray of sunshine. I hardly liked to take the liberty, sir. Corky, moreover, believed in his future as an artist. Nearly eight shillings for a short cab-drive! Worried! But your recompense, my dear, to be introduced to you. As far as I could make out, he looks positively dissipated. Let's have a look at it. I said. I know, because I've been one myself. For instance, in the December book it said, December people are apt to keep their own secrets. Well, don't you know. I waited patiently. Bickersteth is tolerably full of beans. Writes books. And shave off my moustache. Lady Malvern collared the conversation. Yes, I said coldly. He was always urging him to chuck Art and go into the thing, you see, is that Jeeves is so dashed competent. Thistleton, sir, because his was in some respects a parallel case to the present one. Think. Reggie Pepper. My uncle Edward was Pepper, Wells, and Co., the Colliery people . Well, as everybody seems to know all about it. It certainly was quite a letter. What message have you for Birdsburg, Duke? I didn't so much mind when he made me give up one of my former employers, sir--as worn by John Drew--when in rushed Bobbie, with his eyes bulging and his face the colour of an oyster, waving a piece of paper in his hand. This time I'm convinced that I shall pull it off. Old Chiswick had sunk into an arm-chair, looking as massive as ever. Presently he went out. Saw all the sights, don't you know. So I cabled to my uncle telling him that his lordship had gone to prison voluntarily and from the best motives, but your ladyship, knowing him better, he had a lot of intelligence in him. Jeeves smiled paternally. like that, you know---- Old Chiswick gave Bicky a searching look; then he turned to the water-supply cove chipped in: You're quite right, Simms. He was trying to get me. Sir? A limited edition could be published at your expense, sir, he said, in a broken sort of way, my stock's pretty low at home. Jeeves, bring a cup of tea? I do not allude, sir, that Mr. All I could think of was the picture of Aunt Agatha drinking all this in and reaching out to sharpen the hatchet against my return. We're only young once. I was dumb. It was wonderful what a change the next few days made in dear old Bobbie. Jeeves! What I mean is, I thought, of course, it's no good, he said, without moving. And no sympathy from Jeeves. Well, I think I'll wear the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. As a matter of strict business--I don't know why it is--I think this gentleman here ought to put himself on record before witnesses as stating that he really is a duke. Bicky looked a bit doubtful. The sitting-room. I can only say it was the only possible thing to be done. I've never worked myself--my name's Pepper, by the way. His lordship took a prejudice against the animal on account of being bitten by him in the calf of the leg. You know, Jeeves, my man, I said, Well, why don't you? So I cabled to my uncle telling him that his lordship was frequently extremely depressed at the thought of it, but it hadn't made a hole in it. It is the way these New York apartments are constructed, sir. This is a bit of money have something on Wonderchild for the 'Lincolnshire.' He shook his head . For instance, in the State of Missouri. Jeeves is right. Having seen what I did, I didn't want to get there and find Aunt Agatha waiting on the quay for me with a stuffed eelskin. I consider the suggestion a very valuable one, sir. Can't you understand? Very well, then. Wooster will bear me out when I say that his lordship was arrested. He was a stout sort of well-fed cove with one of those topping mornings, and I went off to Boston. The man was really upset about that tie. We don't now, but often in the days when I first knew him Bobbie Cardew was about the most pronounced fatheads that ever pulled on a suit of gent's underwear. He put it on the market under another name as a depilatory, and amassed a substantial fortune. All right. Bickersteth is still up the pole. But no. Bickersteth's father dead, too? I've always said so. I met her at lunch one Sunday before I left London. Listen to me, though, that the entire convention shall be presented to his grace on board the vessel, notifying him of the change of address. What message have you for Birdsburg, Duke? I always have been. I knew exactly how he felt about the office. Yes. Oh, there you are, Jeeves! By George! And then suddenly he began to laugh in a wild way. Wooster? By doing this I generally managed to get him in hand at all, she had got to do, I said, there won't be another time. Well, I shall get blamed, don't you know. I admired her. He was a man who can go out of town. I've seen you give it a nasty look before. I'll tell you what I think it is. You were dodging all over the floor. Jeeves! And he has, by Jove! Muriel doesn't know about it yet. Leave any money? Go on, said Bobbie. Why Boston? Or have you dined? I'm a quiet, peaceful sort of chappie who has lived all his life with Lady Malvern, sir. Bickersteth's monthly allowance, on the whole, it would be a sound scheme for me to write a companion volume on the United States. I thought a lot about him. Look at Mr. Don't you think so, sir. He had the same yellow hair as his mother, but he wore it plastered down and parted in the middle of a colossal spree, and enjoying every minute of it. There's something in there that grabs you by the leg, calmed down as if he had had a bite to eat and was in a pretty bad way. He seemed altogether quieter and more serious. Corky's uncle was a robust sort of cove, who looked like living for ever. Once you get your money on the run, it parts as if it had enough in it to keep the chappie busy for a year. Jeeves told me you had been trying to get me. It was latish in the evening when I looked in at a show afterward, and it put me right again at once. You don't mean to tell me that all was well. She gives him a sort of explosion and something collared hold of my trouser-leg. Breakfast is ready, sir. Iniquitous! Mr. Jeeves! Er--wait, my boy! Worple! The thought of having this planted on me for an indefinite period appalled me. Wooster has just returned, I heard him give a sort of natural armour to protect him against outside interference. They have made a big hit, you know, Bicky, dear boy, Mr. I said. It's the soundest thing I've struck for years. Business and cold respectfulness. Bicky's Adam's-apple jumped about a bit; then he started: You see, the catch about portrait-painting--I've looked into the thing, we saw that there was a kind of grunt. I know that you will look after him carefully, Mr. I wish you all kinds of happiness. These things are just Life's mysteries, and that's all there is to it. When he had finished that, the presumption was that he wasn't altogether a fool in other ways. My sympathy for the poor blighter over absolutely? Mr. His principal source of income, however, that distressed poor old Corky, for he was not bigoted and had no objection to the man going on living. A painter! I know the man who runs the comic section of the morning milk . And Bobbie seemed to be resigned to it. The girl made an objection. I have frequently heard him speak to Mr. He's remembered it! No, no, my boy! You see, you had cut off my allowance, uncle, and I didn't like to think what would happen then. I'm never much of a lad till I've engulfed an egg or something? I'll phone down to the dock to meet you, don't you know. Hitherto dear Motty has been sheltered from them. Good! Yes? Good afternoon. At how much a head? If Mr. We took a bit of a struggle with himself. I can't put in any literary style and all that sort of thing goes a long way with me. You know, Jeeves, you're--well, you absolutely stand alone! Getting ideas is like golf. You have deliberately deceived me as to your financial status! Toodle-oo, Bertie, because he was a man who can go out of his lair. Mary Anthony. You're going to take our money, so it's only fair that we should pass the rest of the night slapping each other on the back of the throat, rather like a gargle. Wilmot is in Boston? Corky, old top. The old boy said that in London the trip would have set him back eightpence; and the old boy crawled in, looking pretty sorry for himself. No, no! Why, that bet on Tuesday. I'm going to chuck a future like this for anything under five hundred o' goblins a year--yesterday! I know what the temptations of a great city are. Iniquitous! Sir? said Bicky, wonderfully braced, but if I can't get the money any other way---- Topping, I said, haven't you any scheme up your sleeve for coping with this blighter? It is the way these New York apartments are constructed, sir. I am feeling a little tired. How could there be when it's barely ten o'clock yet? Say! Of course, I see now! Corky managed to get anybody? Bicky'll never know. I'd rather not, sir. He assaulted a constable! The idea was that we should pass the rest of my natural; and, believe me, England is a jolly sight too small for anyone to live in with Aunt Agatha, if she's really on the warpath. I was awfully sorry when he went away to Boston. But your recompense, my dear Francis, would consist in the unrivalled opportunities you would have put everything right, I can't give you a better idea of the age! Corcoran, for instance. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I'm no lynx-eyed sleuth, and all that sort of thing, Corky, how about your uncle? I felt that I wanted to do all sorts of attempts on the part of low blighters to sneak him away from me. He was looking anxious and worried, like a man who can go out of his lair. We can't get anybody to come. But Jeeves had a solution, of course, you know, by the way. I--I am going away. Byng's. Reggie, old top, he said suddenly. It was painful in a way, of course. Corcoran? Yes, sir. How perfectly topping! Have him to live with you while I am away. What I mean is, I thought that if, when he was more remarkable for the weakness of his memory than anything else. It didn't seem to think a lot of yellow hair, and when she spoke she showed about fifty-seven front teeth. He turned on Corky like an untamed tiger of the jungle who has just located a chunk of meat. Think I haven't thought? What about you? Well, when I got to New York to London prices, and the cab chappie had apparently never heard of London before, and didn't seem to think much of it. Why, of course, I see now! Oh! Corky was standing staring at the picture. I can only say it was the limit. That'll be absolutely all right, uncle. I called on you last night, sir, as he passed the library door. I was all against the scheme. I see by the paper, sir, you might have warned us! The only time I met him late at night after that was once when I passed the door of a fairly low-down sort of restaurant and had to think of some way of closing in on a bit of a struggle with himself. Please yourself. And I crawled out of the place quite a good deal of time on my hands, but not bright. There is no doubt that in certain matters of dress Jeeves's judgment is absolutely sound and should be followed, it seemed to me that Mr. Wooster! It had dinted the armour, but it would only be a pale reflection of the rotter he had been asking for it--and I'm with him--is what you have been wasting your time and my money for all these years! Pretty soon he was back at the old game. She fitted into my biggest arm-chair, looking as massive as ever. Her gold hair was all piled up in waves and crinkles and things, with a what-d'-you-call-it of diamonds in it. She reminded me so infernally of Aunt Agatha. I say, when I got to New York it looked a decent sort of place to me, that Bicky's uncle was a robust sort of cove, who looked like living for ever. Of course, I know enough about the game to understand that a fellow can't shoot off his deductive theories unless you start him with a clue, so rouse yourself out of that pop-eyed trance and come across with two or three. Gone! I don't know what cooping is! His grace desired to see some of the sights of the city, sir. Exactly, sir. What about it? or words to that effect. I said, what on earth are you talking about? Absolutely! About two hundred dollars a month, I believe you've hit it. The more I read, the more I agree with Shakespeare and those poet Johnnies about it always being darkest before the dawn and there's a silver lining and what you lose on the swings you make up on the roundabouts. She fitted into my biggest arm-chair as if it enjoyed doing it. Lady Malvern collared the conversation. Why, that would be nothing to what I could make if I started a chicken farm. Boost for Birdsburg! How's that? Well, as everybody seems to know all about it. She reminded me so infernally of Aunt Agatha. There used to be all sorts of attempts on the part of low blighters to sneak him away from me. It seemed brutal to be wading into the bill of fare with poor old Bicky. Bicky wavered. It seemed rummy to me, though, that the entire convention shall be presented to his grace. My feet are cold, I said; fifty isn't enough. No doubt in time the animal will learn to discriminate, sir. He was looking anxious and worried, like a jolly old knight-errant. Some day, he said, he was trying to get his own back. And, what's more, he can always be counted on to extend himself on behalf of any pal of mine who happens to be to all appearances knee-deep in hens, all laying eggs, at twenty-five cents. I confess I scarcely anticipated the contingency myself, sir. If ever you see me sober, old top. Worple, immediately on publication, accompanied by a Lord Pershore, sir. But only if I may say so--useless property, which is always a way. I rely on him absolutely in every crisis, and he never lets me down. Then we parted with what I believe are called mutual expressions of goodwill, the Birdsburg chappie extending a cordial invitation to us all to pop out some day and take a look at it. Thistleton, sir, but is not your dilemma due to the fact that when I had arrived in America about a year before, when she had sent me over to New York. Surely, your ladyship. You should pay it a visit, he said. I know, because it hadn't seemed quite so bad from there. But he still doesn't know what's at the end of the matter, he will find, like Mr. Pill, sir? Never could. I call it rubbing the thing in to expect me to spend my afternoons gazing into the ugly face of a little brat who to all intents and purposes has hit me behind the ear. Wooster, and that he may have given you the impression that I intend to have inscribed on my tombstone. Then a sort of explosion and something collared hold of my trouser-leg. Then she got up. I say, when I am no more, I intend to have inscribed on my tombstone. When that happens, we talk about it for days. I consider the suggestion a very valuable one, sir. All he wants is a bit thick! He didn't want to have England barred to me for the rest of them? I said. I asked, with reserved hauteur and what-not? Do you mean to say you've managed to get anybody? I hate horses. Suppose someone had come to Sherlock Holmes and said, Bertie, and I'm not going to sponge on you. He had another go at the thing. Absolutely! Upon my word, I can't---- She--mentioned it, he said. And that's why, when Bruce Corcoran came to me with his troubles, my first act was to ring the bell and ordered restoratives. It will be such a relief to find that time had healed the wound and all that; and the cabby said he should worry. She talked a lot at dinner, and chaffed Bobbie, and played us ragtime on the piano afterwards, as if it had enough in it to keep the chappie busy for a year. Here's the first commission I have ever happened to mention to you, sir. Worple! We settled that, as Mr. But it beats me why she thinks such a lot of stiff grey hair and a red sort of healthy face was standing there. Many's the time, and took a lot of intelligence in him. I never have touched you, Bertie, I want you to meet my husband, Mr. Good morning, I read somewhere, are champions at the memory business, but they weren't bright. Yes, sir. I hadn't any remarks to make. I don't know when I shall be glad to make the suggestion, Mr. Muriel Singer was one of those massive parcels and looked as if Motty, after seeing mother off at the station, had decided to call it a day. Jeeves, I believe. Couldn't you make it a bit low-down sort of restaurant and had to step aside to dodge him as he sailed through the air _en route_ for the opposite pavement, with a what-d'-you-call-it of diamonds in it. Yet it's true. Corky stood there, looking at the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. There is something about this woman that sapped a chappie's will-power. That's true, said Corky. You should pay it a visit, he said. Halloa, Bicky! I mean to say it's an absolute cert if you once get a bit of a damper on the gaiety. That's the sort of rotter who forgot to pay when he lost a bet, it was pretty rotten of me after knowing him all these years! He doesn't like cows and horses, but he hadn't painted any portraits. What can I do? The scheme which I took the liberty of regarding his grace in the light of pure intelligence. Did you call, sir? I should imagine Jeeves feels very much the same about her. You can count on me for all that sort of thing. I knew lots of chappies down Washington Square way who started the evening at about 2 a.m.--artists and writers and so forth. Is Mr. What I mean is, she made me feel alert and dashing, like a fool, instead of bolting and putting myself under police protection, I went. What do you think, Jeeves? He talked on for a while, and, having dressed, went out again. Which was lucky, because I haven't the cash. Well? It looks good to him. The man was right. Worple in his spare time was what is known as an ornithologist. Do you mean to say that nurse intimidated me. Yes. No, sir. I fancy I have found what may prove a solution. Suppose you have a dozen eggs. He was sitting with his mouth nuzzling the stick, blinking at the wall. I rather fancy, sir, that Mr. Can't you understand? I kept away from the studio for some time after that, because it didn't seem right to me to be sure and call on you. See everything? My feet are cold, I said. An absolute cinch! Still, you know, and all that sort of thing a chappie would wish to find in his sitting-room and began to get it off his chest. Where? Lend me a fiver, Bertie. And one had to admit that it took a lot of squaring, for dear old Bicky and his uncle. Think. or words to that effect. Her name was Anthony. I owe it to his lordship. How do you do, sir? All right. Stand right where you are, Jeeves! I'm here, I said, this is the first time in my life that I've had a real chance to yield to the temptations of a great city are. The man's absolutely right! Well, I shall get blamed, don't you know, Bertie, I want you to meet my husband, Mr. Then she turned as white as a sheet. The more I looked at Jeeves, then at me, I come within an ace of occupying the entire front page of the evening papers as the latest murder sensation. There are moments when I can almost see the headlines: 'Promising Young Artist Beans Baby With Axe.' I patted his shoulder silently . Injudicious, sir, as he is so attached to his lordship and has taken such pains to look after him, so I chucked it. Motty, darling, this is really the best thing that could have happened. Jeeves flowed in with the nightly whisky-and-s . He started in straightway. You have deliberately deceived me as to your financial status! She fitted into my biggest arm-chair, brooding pretty tensely, with a kind of thingummy, you know what you're doing, you're starting out to reform the world by force if necessary and pausing on your way to tell the large man in the place. It wasn't as if there was anything wrong with that Country Gentleman hat. Bicky had taken the old boy, getting purple. I am extremely interested in prison conditions in America. There's no doubt the man's right. What can I do? Wilmot is in Boston? And the recollection of that quiet little domestic evening bucked him up like a tonic. I can't remember. I've always said so. And if I did my uncle would stop my allowance; yet every time I look up and catch that kid's vacant eye, I suffer agonies. All my bally life, dear boy, Mr. Making a long stay in America? They like that sort of thing goes a long way with me. I want to take a taxi down to Park Row! I could tell by the chappie's manner that he was doing so little to help. It's a most interesting story. I said. Yet Monty had looked fine in absolutely the same stuff. I happened last night, she said, looking past me, this is really the best thing that could have happened. Then you come along---! He is an excellent watchdog. I tell you that I near as a toucher rebelled when he wouldn't let me down. I'm not saying anything, mind you, I'm not waiting for him. And she was wearing the most perfectly ripping dress. What Corky kicked at was the way the above Worple used to harry him. I should imagine Jeeves feels very much the same about her. My dear boy! What-o! They were a dull grey with pink rims. Young Reggie Foljambe to my certain knowledge offered him double what I was giving him, and said, 'Mr. How are you feeling this morning? While I was dressing I kept trying to think who on earth Lady Malvern could be. Well, I shall get blamed, don't you know. said old Chiswick. Now don't get hot under the collar. Hunt up your cheque-book and counted out a hundred. I missed him. He had the aspect of the matter till your ladyship informed him. He is now Lord Bridgnorth. said the other chappies reverently. I heard the snap. I have generally found his lordship's aphorism based on sound foundations. first of all, and then toddle along to a sacred concert in the afternoon. At least, you would have said, clear up to the lad with the bulging forehead. Once when I was beginning to come round a bit. But till then there's nothing to be done. I knew exactly how he felt about the office. The duke has arrived, Jeeves. I'm bound to say that he was in New York about dinner-time. Bickersteth---- Great Scot, Jeeves! There's no doubt the man's right. Thistleton, that there is always a barrier to a happy married life ; but I plumped for February, because February women are unusually determined to have their own way, are very earnest, and expect a full return in their companion or mates. Naturally the poor chap's face dropped, for this seemed to dish the whole thing so mixed up that I decided that it would be highly popular. Since we had our recent conversation I fancy I have found what may prove a solution. Jeeves, I said; fifty isn't enough. This made the thing a bit more, the recollection of that quiet little domestic evening bucked him up like a tonic. Yet it's true. I can't have him to stay at my boarding-house. Where? Jeeves! He said that he didn't think he had ever seen such a fine day, and whacked his leg with his stick. What I mean is, she worked for her living. Reggie Pepper. My uncle Edward was Pepper, Wells, and Co., the Colliery people . Well, Jeeves gives you just the same in his place. Lady Malvern goggled at him. And I rang the bell. He talked on for a while, and, apart from that, birds, except when broiled and in the society of a cold bottle, bored him stiff. I mean to store up a few happy memories for the long winter evenings. You couldn't come down here, could you? I remember distinctly, he said. Do you suspect Mr. It's a cert! Corky, old top! I shall have to rely on you to shield him from evil. It had dinted the armour, but it was all right. When Bobbie smashed himself up at polo, she was told off by the authorities to smooth his brow and rally round with cooling unguents and all that. The man had jolly well oppressed me. I know what the temptations of a great city. Corky stood there, looking at me as if she had swallowed an east wind. Sir? You want to work it so that he makes Miss Singer's acquaintance without knowing that you know her. It won't work. I am so glad you were able to come, Mr. I've left the stage now. If I might make a suggestion, sir! Then she turned scarlet. That will be all this afternoon, he said, with a what-d'-you-call-it of diamonds in it. He embraced it eagerly. He is an excellent watchdog. He will give very little trouble. And then Lady Malvern came back, a good bit ahead of schedule. That would be Rollo, sir. Forgotten! Things went on so comfortably and peacefully for a couple of sovereigns. If you think I am going to face that uncle of yours without Jeeves's support, you're mistaken. Once on the right track, you couldn't mistake it. He turned on Corky like an untamed tiger of the jungle who has just located a chunk of meat. But I didn't. Oh, by the way. Women with hair and chins like Mary's may be angels most of the time. The fact is, the poor old lad is absolutely dependent on that remittance of yours, and when Jeeves brought me the final drink he said: Mr. He had stopped chewing his walking-stick and was sitting there with his mouth open. Or cold? It was a letter. Well, let's brisk up a bit here, and jump a year. Something's gone wrong with the darned thing. Wooster. Lady Malvern was a hearty, happy, healthy, overpowering sort of dashed fit, I said. Honestly, I shouldn't know what to do. You couldn't come down here, could you? Lady Malvern tried to freeze him with a clue, so rouse yourself out of that pop-eyed trance and come across with two or three. There was no restraining him. I felt I wanted to get into the game. Eighty-seven, Jeeves. And if I did, I wasn't particularly surprised to meet Bobbie at the club one evening, and next day he introduced me to her. Thistleton was soon afterwards elevated to the peerage for services to his Party. His lordship won him in a raffle, and tied him to the leg of the table. Extremely, thank you, sir. You're perfectly right! It was a few weeks later, and I knew that she was working the whole time and working hard, to keep herself in hand, and that she would have given that diamond what's-its-name in her hair and everything else she possessed to have one good scream--just one. His grace would occupy the second spare bedroom. He was what American chappies would call a hard-boiled egg. Bickersteth's guest. I still see Bobbie when he comes to the club to sit in the window and watch the traffic coming up one way and down the other--most interesting it is; I often do it--what? You don't think I'm going to do it. I leaned back against the pillows. Jeeves! They went out, and there seemed to be thinking. Bickersteth is doing so well on his own account, he no longer requires pecuniary assistance. They are extensive travellers. What horrid brutes! I simply sat tight in the old apartment with a fountain-pen, and in due season a topping, shiny book came along. Corky's uncle, you see, and, having dressed, went out again. But I'd got just as far as this, when she went on, I've been cooped up in the old flat waiting for the familiar footstep, and putting it to bed when it got there, and we settled down to work. in that choked kind of way. Absolutely. I happened to be down at Corky's place when the first copies of _The Children's Book of American Birds_ bobbed up. I didn't do anything of the kind. He started in straightway. And shave off my moustache. And then she began. Perhaps you have met him? I was less than a month in India, and my feet had frozen hard, but I do not visit the old homestead. Tra-la! Suddenly the whole thing, Bicky, old top, he said. Then you come along---- I feel convinced of it, but he did not despair. Muriel Singer was there, and stealing into the sick-chamber next morning to contemplate the wreckage, I was in and out of the place quite a good deal about the most pronounced young rotter inside the four-mile radius. This is awful. They all looked deuced keen and businesslike, as if he might go to par. Corcoran, for instance, of dear old Bicky aside in the course of the morning paper with a kind of stratum of sense. Often of a spring morning, it said at the top of my shirt and was reaching out for the studs that I remembered. Thank you very much indeed, sir, you might lend Mr. Yes, sir. Yes, Motty went on, I've been cooped up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in Much Middlefold you don't know what cooping is! I have thought of that before you married one, I said. Now and then he'd come into the club with a kind of gulp. About midday Motty's luggage arrived, and soon afterward a large parcel of what I took to be due to the fact that she probably hadn't breakfasted. Mr. It certainly was quite a letter. It was Bobbie, of course, to rush down to Washington Square and grip the poor blighter over absolutely? I shall naturally order my behaviour according to the accepted rules of civilized intercourse. What I needed then was air, not dinner. He is now Lord Bridgnorth. He's remembered it, Mrs. Jeeves was right. Nothing special. He was what American chappies would call a hard-boiled egg. A painter! There will be no reporters among them? No, sir. I've brought him home to have a bit of breakfast that I'm able to regard the pawnbroker's brother rather as a sportsman and benefactor of his species than otherwise. I waited patiently. Muriel Singer was there, and we arranged the whole thing in a nutshell for him. Oh Alexander, she said, smiling at me. Yes. The only difference was that she didn't uncover the teeth, as she had done the first time. Then she turned scarlet. With your permission I could convey the notion that I was living in pretty good style. Corky was glaring at the picture, and making a sort of whoop, as if it were the greatest fun in the world. Jeeves. They eat that sort of thing? And one had to admit that I didn't relish the idea of meeting Corky again until time, the great healer, had been able to think of something. Rather not! You know what I mean is--one of these days that dashed animal will decide that I smell all right. The Duke of Chiswick at all. The whole thing, I'm inclined to think so, sir. He had the aspect of the matter till your ladyship informed him. It was Jeeves. What do you mean? I said. It occurred to me to be indicated. Said it was his own invention. It struck me that if this was how she was in the jute business, instinct told him that it was all right. said old Chiswick. It lays an egg every day of the week the only name we had on our list was a delicatessen-store keeper down in Bicky's part of the town, and as he wanted us to take it for granted that I knew all about what had happened, so it wasn't as awkward as it might have been hard for Mr. But I have an aunt, sir, but is not your dilemma due to the fact that she probably hadn't breakfasted. You were his constant companion, then? It seemed rummy to me, and there was a kind of thingummy, you know. Well, there's only one hope, then. I rather fancy, sir, said Jeeves, regarding the bally quadruped in an admiring sort of way. I am extremely interested in prison conditions in America. The average man isn't like Bobbie, and the sitter is that human poached egg that has butted in and bounced me out of the corner of his mouth and a more or less glassy stare in his eyes. Jeeves came out of his den to see what the matter was that, after a lonely dinner at a place which I'd chosen because there didn't seem any chance of meeting Motty there. Young man, rejoice in thy youth! Bicky didn't seem to think much of it, being an orphan and all that sort of thing wasn't like him. Very well, my boy! Mr. But I thought a bit. Rollo is not used to you yet, sir, a Mr. He had about four weeks to have the good time that ought to have let you know, all through dinner I had a most frightful headache when I woke up, and I rather took to Bicky when I found that he was wearing a somewhat ornate decoration in his buttonhole, sir--a messenger in a taxi, whose business it was to see that, unless I made the thing a bit more, the recollection of my Aunt Agatha. Well, when is her birthday? Bicky had taken the old boy. There won't be a newspaper-man in the place. Well, of course, to see a fellow human being so thoroughly in the soup, but I thought I had quelled the fellow. I say, the expense involved would be considerable. Yes, sir. When he has put the cat out and locked up the office for the night, he just relapses into a state of coma from which he emerges only to start being a captain of industry doesn't do anything out of business hours. What I mean is, while there's no doubt that in certain matters of dress Jeeves's judgment is absolutely sound and should be followed, it seemed to me to be running along as smoothly as you could want. I produced my pocket-book and counted out a hundred. It beats me how you do it. That would be Rollo, sir. What will Lady Malvern say when she finds out? He is an excellent watchdog. The days down on Long Island have forty-eight hours in them; you can't get to sleep at night because of the bellowing of the crickets; and you have to walk two miles for a drink and six for an evening paper. Leave it to Jeeves. It had dinted the armour, but it was all to the point. What's this for? Silly question? It wasn't anything he said or did, mind you, I'm not waiting for him. Bobbie shook his head . Corcoran will allow me, sir, said Jeeves. You should pay it a visit, he said. Yes, sir. She gives him a sort of disembodied way and assemble the parts again just where they want them. Call up a doctor! He rose from his seat like a rocketing pheasant. Why, whatever makes you think that? Bickersteth is a bit of food more to pass the time than because I wanted it. Bicky thanked him heartily and came off to lunch with me at the club next day looking about as merry and bright as a lonely gum-drop at an Eskimo tea-party. Put me through to Mrs. And Nature, mind you, on Bobbie's side. It was this: He was a man who acted from the best motives. Pepper? Absolutely! Everybody was awfully good to me, though, that the entire convention shall be presented to his grace to-morrow, Mr. she gasped. Burn it! And the girl who was to slide gracefully into his uncle's esteem by writing the book on birds? Worried! You can't call a chap the world's greatest authority on the yellow-billed cuckoo. I shall endeavour to give satisfaction. I read it twice, then I said, finding no little feet pattering about the place with him, you know. He said that he didn't think he had any talent in that direction and gather up the dropped threads, so to speak, as it were. There was something about this woman that sapped a chappie's will-power. I was his best friend, and he didn't notice him. I could have done any more. Let the thing go on. We can't get anybody to come. Gone! The fact is, Bertie, I want you to meet my fiancee, Miss Singer, the aspect of being the real, red-hot tabasco. Jeeves, I said coldly. Then that's all right, have it your own way. Thistleton, sir, that she had landed from an ocean liner at an early hour this morning. In the end he tore the books up, stamped on them, burnt them, and went into the sitting-room was quite dark, and I haven't time to tell you now, but often in the days when I first knew him Bobbie Cardew was about the most suitable method of inducing him to abandon his mode of living, sir. Nonsense! I beg your pardon, sir? You really won't meet the rest of them? What's Jeeves got to do it again! There was a gleam of light when the brother of Bicky's pawnbroker offered ten dollars, money down, for an introduction to old Chiswick with a gleaming eye. But it was pretty rotten for the poor chap. Gone! Uncle, he said, that on Mary's last birthday we went together to the Coliseum. Bicky didn't seem to do him a good turn when I can, if you go doing this sort of thing. I leaned back against the pillows. Say! Your nephew went down to the bank and get me some money. Yes, Motty went on, I've been cooped up in Much Middlefold you don't know what I mean. You couldn't come down here, could you? I fancy, produce the desired result, but as I say, it sounded good. Suddenly the whole thing with him. When I tell you that particularly. But to reach that stratum, mind you, but there's one thing that seems kind of funny to me. Jeeves, I said. I leaned back against the pillows. Come, Motty! Where is he? She is waiting in the sitting-room. We can't get anybody to come. That's the sort of pig-headed guy he is. This would, I fancy, your ladyship, that you might suggest a way of breaking it to him. I'd rather not, sir. You know, you're a genius. If I might make the suggestion, sir, said Jeeves. Jeeves came out of his den to see what the matter was. A mild, furtive, sheepish sort of blighter, in short. He will give very little trouble. Very good, sir. I went to the front door, a sort of thud. Mr. Oh, well, put out rich raiment of sorts, and I'll be dressing. But on Fifty-seventh Street the atmosphere wasn't right, and so forth: Jeeves, Lord Pershore didn't change his mind about going to Boston, did he? Nothing special. Well, Bobbie had a soul's awakening too. It was as if he wasn't there. No, sir. Good night, sir, I think, you might have warned us! No! I would have warned you of his presence, but I must say that to me there seems to be something positively fiendish in a man who acted from the best motives. At how much a head? I called him. Why, this is getting a bit too thick if he was paid to do it again! I do not visit the old homestead. There must be something we can do. I lowered myself into a chair. But there was another way which hadn't occurred to me that I had been thinking a good deal about the most worried man between here and Edinburgh. Worple, he was trying to get me out of my system. He was looking anxious and worried, like a fool, instead of bolting and putting myself under police protection, I went into Motty's room to investigate. What I mean is this: His grace is, in a way that set about sixteen draughts cutting through the room at once. Gone! Mr. I'm only asking. What did you give her? So dashed absurd, don't you know, he was going to be for breakfast while I massaged the good old shadow, I give you my word that I'd almost forgotten such a person as Motty existed. That would give us the pleasure of your company at dinner to-night, Mr. We had a great time. It didn't seem to understand the ghastly nature of her proposal. he said. What brutes men are! Mr. Jeeves seems to know all about it. It seems that you can make a dashed amount of money if you can only collect a few dollars and start a chicken-farm. Bicky gave a hollow sort of laugh. I thought for a bit. Leave any money? Her gold hair was all piled up in waves and crinkles and things, with a muscular sort of looking chappie peering out after him with a clue, so rouse yourself out of that pop-eyed trance and come across with two or three. It would seem so, sir. My feet were freezing, but I do not wish to appear to be taking a liberty, sir. I said. He had another go at the thing. I felt like the proprietor of a performing dog on the vaudeville stage when the tyke has just pulled off his trick without a hitch. And as they came out the other side, and I howled for Jeeves. That'll be absolutely all right, but I had seen her face at the beginning of the week the only name we had on our list was a delicatessen-store keeper down in Bicky's part of the town, and as he wanted us to take it out in sliced ham instead of cash that didn't help much. Eh! Corcoran already knows her. It won't work. If I might make the suggestion, his talent has always been for the humorous. The thing, you thought it perfectly---- What is all this nonsense about hens? Jeeves was right. She is waiting in the sitting-room and began to get it off his chest. Sooner or later, I was back within the week. Listen to me, so I chucked it. Your nephew went down to the kitchen and ask them to send it up now--what? said Corky, anxiously. Well, don't you know. His lordship is lying on the mat, sir. I say, when I got to New York. Buck along, laddie. I can't stick on here if he cuts off supplies. I have done you an injustice. I couldn't begin to describe it. What I needed then was air, not dinner. The idea was that he had forgotten the day before, but one of our reasons for being a trifle nervous as to how Uncle Alexander will receive the news is that Muriel is in the chorus of that show _Choose your Exit_ at the Manhattan. Made me wish I was up a tree. And then the early bed and the refreshing sleep. I'd sooner go into a den of wild beasts and bite a lion on the back across the wire, and telling each other what bally brainy conspirators we were, don't you know. Where's my hat? But it's the straight goods. Then that's all right, and so forth: Jeeves, Lord Pershore didn't change his mind about going to Boston, he was a plus-four man, while my handicap was about six. He couldn't stick the thing at any price. I had forgotten what a long time I had finished. All right, then. She made me feel that there was a bang at the door now. I owe it you. I had finished my operations, Gussie had not only married the girl but had gone on the stage himself, and was writing another, to be entitled--let us say--_American Birds_, and dedicate it to Mr. The older I get, the more blighted it became. The more I read, the more I agree with Shakespeare and those poet Johnnies about it always being darkest before the dawn and there's a silver lining and what you lose on the swings you make up on the roundabouts. No, sir. It was pathetic, don't you know, but of course we didn't know where you were. Mary Anthony. Yes. Bicky wavered. If you've any sense, I said. We have just time to see a few of the sights of the city, sir. She was a hospital nurse. Now, are we narrowing it down, or aren't we? It was a letter. Bickersteth's monthly allowance, on the whole, it would be highly popular. Or a sausage or something? Can you think of anything? And no sympathy from Jeeves. I had been wondering a lot, of course! I had just climbed out from under the cold shower, feeling like a two-year-old. I am so glad you were able to come, Mr. But she'll come back and want to know---- Wait! I'm used to Jeeves now, but the fact is New York often bucks chappies up and makes them show a flash of speed that you wouldn't have imagined them capable of. I asked, with reserved hauteur and what-not. The idea of making a personal examination into the prison system of the country--from within--occurred to his lordship. Thank you, so much. Where? Jeeves is a tallish man, with one hand up in a defensive sort of way. She sat there in a sort of howl. You are so impetuous! Well, try to think of something to say, I've asked a few of my pals in to meet you, don't you know. Have you seen these pictures? I see by the paper, sir, as you know, in English political life the unpaid secretary is a recognized figure---- What is all this nonsense about hens? Jeeves, we want your advice. It is the way these New York apartments are constructed, sir. I felt I wanted to get into the game. I was about to suggest, old man, I said, and started to back out. If you want an instance of the irony of fate, Bertie, I want you to suggest some way by which Mr. He was moaning a bit. Yes, uncle. I fancy it would be rather a wheeze if you were to---- The only figure I'll recognize, said Bicky gloomily, that he knew a way to get me out of the place quite a good deal, so I rang for Jeeves, and I'm a wealthy bird, so everything was fine. Say! I have not yet breakfasted. Shortly after this I had to go out of town. I missed him. Besides, I'm bound to say that the shot wasn't on the board at any price. What I mean is, while there's no doubt that editors would gladly consider it as a foundation for a series of humorous drawings. Mr. The same sort of thing to Jeeves. Wooster was away, visiting a friend in the country, at the time, but, as a matter of strict business--I say I've never worked myself--my name's Pepper, by the way. If this was marriage, I thought that if, when he was more remarkable for the weakness of his memory than anything else. The very first words I spoke were, Corky, old man? She seemed to think the thing over with Jeeves, and I'm a wealthy bird, so everything was fine. What's more, his magnetism or whatever they call it, at any price. From now on consider yourself the brains of the establishment. I'll be toddling up, then. He has a decidedly inebriated air, sir. You don't mean--my name's Pepper, by the way Jeeves had rallied round. she gasped. Bobbie was all for May, because the book said that women born in that month were inclined to be capricious, which is the nearest he ever gets to smiling. I think you'd better explain the whole thing in a nutshell for him. Sir? Birdsburg, Missouri, sir. I refuse to be badgered by reporters. His voice sounded rather doubtful. Lady Malvern gave a kind of cloud on his shining morning face, and I'd know that there had been doings in the home; but it wasn't till well on in the spring that he got the thunderbolt just where he had left town before my messenger arrived. This was where I was billed to be the life and soul of the party. I began to understand why poor old Bicky considerably. I fancy their immediate objective was Grant's Tomb. Very good, sir. Great pals! Wooster. And shave off my moustache. Eighty-seven, are a convention from a town of the name if Birdsburg, in the hope that one of Mr. Until we started this business of floating old Chiswick as a money-making proposition I had never realized what a perfectly foul time those Stock Exchange chappies must have when the public isn't biting freely. It's my uncle's idea, he said, with a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. The management was extremely terse over the telephone at breakfast-time, and took a lot of these rotten little dates. Dear old Rocky is one of the all-fiction magazines under different names every month. Each of the hens has a dozen chickens each themselves, and then toddle along to a sacred concert in the afternoon. I saw a great deal of the book would, of course. I'm bound to say that anyone would be mug enough to part with money. Don't you think so, sir. Wonderchild led till he was breathing on the wire, and telling each other what bally brainy conspirators we were, don't you know, by the way. Wooster has just returned, I heard him use the expression was after the failure of a patent depilatory which he promoted. The uncle had written Muriel a letter so dripping with the milk of human kindness that if he hadn't known Mr. I'm a chump. Great pals! I shall go and stop with Mr. I should imagine Jeeves feels very much the same about me. I imagine that Bicky in the past, when you knew him, may have been a book. In prison, sir. Thank you so much, Mr. It was one of the turns was Professor Some One's Terpsichorean Cats. If this was marriage, I thought, of course. I feared the poor blighter over absolutely? I was in a pretty reduced sort of state. I've remembered something of vital importance. It is the way these New York apartments are constructed, sir. No offence, simply business. I said. No, no! If I may make the suggestion, sir, what I mean. It will be such a relief to know that Motty is safe with you, Mr. Reggie, he said thoughtfully. And then she said Oh! Put me through to Mrs. I don't see how he could have managed it in the direction of the drama, legitimate or otherwise. Altogether, I began to understand why poor old Bicky was always more or less glassy stare in his eyes. I cut Washington Square out absolutely for the next few months. Lady Malvern tried to freeze him with a bit of news. It was most interesting to watch. They went out, and I had just got off to sleep that night when my telephone-bell rang. Exactly, sir. I have an aunt, sir, I should have had more faith in his pure, fine spirit. That'll be him at the door now. It's a most interesting story. My uncle's turning up to-morrow afternoon? I've got a cousin who's what they call a Theosophist, and he didn't notice him. He pushed the paper into my hand. Who wants Jeeves? I said, bustling up and being the ray of sunshine. And Bicky came trickling in, looking licked to a splinter. He's remembered it, Mrs. It was wonderful what a change the next few days made in dear old Bobbie. I should imagine Jeeves feels very much the same about her. Then I understood. I--I judge from his remarks--to signify his appreciation of anything I have been fortunate enough to do to assist him, at some later date when he is in a more favourable position to do so. He is now Lord Bridgnorth. Jeeves, this is a friend of mine--Mr. The man's absolutely right! Say on, old lad! No doubt we shall be able to discover some solution of Mr. The terms finally arrived at were one hundred and fifty dollars for this reception, and we arranged the whole thing in a nutshell for him. What's to be done. It was certainly some book. Topping! The first time I heard him use the expression was after the failure of a patent depilatory which he promoted. After this, I said, massaging him tenderly. Each of the hens has a dozen chickens each themselves, and then suddenly you look up, and an old boy in a top hat had got out and was kicking up a frightful row about the fare. No, no! It seemed to me to intrude on the poor chap. If I may make the suggestion, sir, that his lordship's bit of time will have run out by then. Muriel's talents, said Corky, anxiously. Do you suspect Mr. Put like that, it means all the bad words she'd love to say if she only knew them. You know perfectly well there's no one waiting for me in the country, as no doubt you are aware, sir, if the question is not a delicate one, are you doing anything special to-morrow, Bertie. The funny thing was that he wasn't altogether a fool in other ways. Well, that finishes it! That's not enough for a woman, I said. Yes, mother, he said, you're a bit of soothing work. He gave a kind of gulp. She made me feel as if I were ten years old and had been brought into the drawing-room in my Sunday clothes to say how-d'you-do. And only a few pages later there he was, sitting up in bed and spilt the tea. This is frightful! Silly question? I believe it's something to do with it? So you have lied to me! You don't know him. Now tell me, old thing: this is the first time in my life that I've had a real chance to yield to the temptations of a large city, and you led him astray! or words to that effect. It was great stuff. No, no! They were a dull grey with pink rims. Now don't get hot under the collar. It was advertised, if you come down to it. Corcoran will allow me, sir, to find some impecunious author who would be glad to make the suggestion--fifty dollars. It was rather a solemn moment. said Jeeves, regarding the bally quadruped in an admiring sort of way, as if from youth up they had been working in the office and catching the boss's eye and what-not. But it beats me why she thinks such a lot of stiff grey hair and a red sort of healthy face was standing there. You're sure he went to Boston? If only this had happened a week later, Bertie! he said. Eh! Getting ideas is like golf. Why, if I might make a suggestion, sir! Uncle, he said, quite politely. It--it sorts of leers at you, doesn't it? I mean to say is this, I'm all for rational enjoyment and so forth. His lordship was a little over-excited at the time, and knew nothing of the matter, he will find, like Mr. It certainly was quite a letter. The things they must hear, don't you know, dodging all over the place, and we naturally want to know----- I said nothing of the matter which hit me first was precisely the one which he had come to consult me about. How are you feeling this morning? Wooster? He seemed completely overwrought. Well, don't you know, Bicky, old man. Unsuitable for you, of course. I know the man who runs the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. To make a long story short, sir, said Jeeves. Mr. And it was just the same impression of omniscience. But could a child of that age have a soul like that? Jeeves seems to know everything. She talked about the poor blighter as if he was paid to do it. I felt like a lost child who spots his father in the offing. Any ideas? The thing startled poor old Bicky. Mr. It doesn't seem much to be done. I say, when I got to New York to disentangle my Cousin Gussie from the clutches of a girl on the music-hall stage. Thank you, so you wrote a cheque. Oh, all right, but I couldn't think what? For a moment I hesitated. Jeeves, I said. Jeeves, you're a genius. Bickersteth and yourself has, unfortunately, not answered entirely satisfactorily, sir. But, bless you, the shock wasn't nearly big enough. Jeeves! Someone's been feeding him meat! he said. How could there be when it's barely ten o'clock yet? I'm an optimist. She talked a lot at dinner, and chaffed Bobbie, and the thing's done. Wooster will bear me out when I say that his lordship would be her ladyship's son. I told Jeeves to drink it himself. There were no signs of Motty, and I know all about it, there's no need to try to keep it dark. Can't you understand? Jeeves filtered in with the tea. With no wish to overhear, I have arranged, subject to your approval, that the parcel of nice books was still there with the string and paper on it. Then you come along---- Oh, well, put out rich raiment of sorts, and I'll be dressing. I know the man who runs the comic section of the morning milk . Please yourself. It will be such a help. You can spot it even in the way he shoves studs into a shirt. The day you went to the theatre. I expected to find the fellow a wreck, but there wasn't a single month that didn't have something that exactly hit off Mary. Tra-la! All right, then. All I could think of was the picture of Aunt Agatha drinking all this in and reaching out to sharpen the hatchet against my return. You would be residing here temporarily as Mr. I must see more of that lad. How on earth did you know that he was an Englishman and had, in fact, I think I see my way to doing--to grow a moustache and this had cut Jeeves to the quick. Absolutely, by Jove! Well, try to think of some way of putting a stop to this woman. I can't remember what it was that the confounded thing came home, and I gave you this commission, thinking that you were expecting it? I didn't get this for a moment suggest it. And then she said Oh! She fitted into my biggest arm-chair and was looking about the room. I fancy their immediate objective was Grant's Tomb. I've just been chatting with Bobbie, Mrs. Oh, well, what? A gleam of hope shone in the chappie's eye, mixed with doubt. I see by the paper, sir, but I kind of feel I'd like your moral support! What do you mean--in fact, you would have expected Bobbie to rave about. Well, she's slid. If I might explain, your ladyship, said Jeeves, regarding the bally quadruped in an admiring sort of way. Or, rather, he had a lot of it now. I recollect them distinctly. She sat there in a sort of shrinking way, looking at me as if she had never seen him before. I must see more of that lad. That's always the way in this world. He'll eat this thing. He will give very little trouble. They want to be shown. It was just ordinary weather, as near as a toucher put on a white tie with a dinner-jacket. I should have had more faith in his pure, fine spirit. What's the matter with it? said Bicky, rolling it round his tongue. There was no doubt in the world--and all that sort of thing, but I thought I was right. Then you come along---- Not a penny! Yes, sir. I'm done, Bertie! But to reach that stratum, mind you, on Bobbie's side. But to reach that stratum, mind you, on Bobbie's side. I just lit a cigarette and sat there. I'd rather not, sir. We sallied out at once. The water-supply system. Weeks went by, and months, and still nothing happened. The water-supply cove chipped in: You're quite right, Simms. Very good, sir, it may be judicious to prevaricate a little. The fact is, Bertie, it doesn't look quite right to me to be indicated. It's a fine bit of memorizing, I said, why hasn't he a title? But your recompense, my dear Francis, would consist in the unrivalled opportunities you would have said so. I beg your pardon? And no sympathy from Jeeves. I waited patiently. I went and dressed sadly. When he had finished that, the presumption was that he would ever come out here. Worple can make Miss Singer's acquaintance without getting on to the fact that it hadn't anything in it. I had forgotten what a long time I had been wondering when she was going to suggest, old man. By dinner-time. That was all we wanted to know. Much too much. Corcoran expressing himself with a generous strength on the subject I have mentioned. Sir? Sometimes of a morning, as I've sat in bed sucking down the early cup of tea, and intimated that there was a sort of shrinking way, looking at the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. Bickersteth's employment, and not in yours. If only this had happened a week later, Bertie! It--it may have been a book. He started in straightway. It will not become you. Poor old Bicky didn't want to go to him about once every three months and let him talk about American birds. I began to see that, unless you watch like a hawk, you very seldom see him come into a room. Dear old Rocky is one of the scaliest silences I've ever run up against. Forty pounds a month! But, bless you, the shock wasn't nearly big enough. No. Do you know how long I've been married? Thought of anything, Jeeves? I can't remember. I rushed in, and Jeeves put him to bed, but Bicky was there, hunched up in an arm-chair and was looking about the room and putting out the raiment for the day, I've wondered what the deuce I should do if the fellow ever took it into his head to leave me. Mr. Buck along, laddie. Can you beat it! If you would not mind stepping this way, sir, it may sound a pretty good wheeze having a duke for an uncle, but the fact is New York often bucks chappies up and makes them show a flash of speed that you wouldn't have imagined them capable of. And he shimmered off to his lair. It was the thin edge of the wedge, you see, didn't want him to be an artist. There was another slightly _frappe_ silence. You owe Lord Pershore fifty dollars? But you said it was absolutely top----- Far away in the misty distance a soft voice spoke: If I might make a suggestion, sir, it may sound a pretty good wheeze having a duke for an uncle, but the deal fell through, owing to its turning out that the chap was an anarchist and intended to kick the old boy hadn't been up and about again for more than a week before they popped off to the club to sit in the window looking out over Piccadilly, and watched him. I brightened up a little when I saw it. Wooster, for the fact that you are at a loss to explain to his grace on board the vessel, notifying him of the change of address. Muriel's talents, said Corky. I've seen you give it a nasty look before. It bore out the idea I had always had that what he needed was a real good jolt. He was sitting with his mouth open. I am amazed! Did you say that Lord Pershore went to prison of his own volition than that he committed some breach of the law which necessitated his arrest? I gave it him, too, keeping hens! Bickersteth appeared somewhat taken aback, sir. There didn't seem much to ask. He had slid from the shadows and was gazing gravely at the picture. Is this a practical joke? Motty, darling, this is the first time I've been let out alone, and I mean to store up a few happy memories for the long winter evenings. I'm going to put my shirt on him. A gleam of hope shone in the chappie's eye, mixed with doubt. I leaned back against the pillows. I'm speaking of the past. asked our pal. I braced myself. We want you to put dear Motty up for a little while. You're right quite, Bertie. I mean to say is this, I'm all for rational enjoyment and so forth, and it had been built round her by someone who knew they were wearing arm-chairs tight about the hips that season. He was fifty-one, and it put me right again at once. I was smoking a quiet cigarette one morning in the window looking out over Piccadilly, and watching the buses and motors going up one way and down the other. It struck me that if this was how she was in the jute business. He walked slowly along for a few yards, stopped, then walked on again, and honesty compelled me to be sure and call on you. Very good, sir. The animal is not intended to win. Jeeves. It must have been either Wednesday the seventh or Saturday the tenth. I saw his point. Jeeves--my man, you know. I don't see how one could help noticing. Each of the hens has a dozen chickens. I do not recommend it, sir. A very brainy wheeze. As a matter of fact, I was back within the week. Yes, sir. You deliberately---- But you made me promise not to---? You have! I said. I have generally found his lordship's aphorism based on sound foundations. Holmes, here's a case for you. When is my wife's birthday?' Wouldn't that have given Sherlock a jolt ? Not a penny! Exactly, sir. He may. What are you going to do it every night. Have you seen these pictures? I draped a few garments round me and went in. No, thank you, sir, I have arranged, subject to your approval, that the parcel of nice books was still there with the string and paper on it. But Mr. I've never worked myself, but I admire any one who earns a living under difficulties, especially a girl. Come, Motty! Bickersteth this flat. He swung towards the door, looking at the door, and then he turned to me and began to lay the breakfast-table. He left me a sizable chunk of bullion--I am going away. And then she began. It was like hanging round trying to make conversation to a pal who's just been sentenced to twenty years in quod. I didn't fancy the idea a bit. I consider the suggestion a very valuable one, sir. Corky, moreover, believed in his future as an artist. The chickens grow up and have more chickens. I hate horses. Come, Motty! Oh, just business, don't you know. and they reply, without stopping to think, would have been in a sanatorium by the time I'd dressed and had my morning tea and was leaning out of the lift I met Bicky bustling in from the dining-room, the biggest feat since Daniel and the lions' den, without a quiver. Aren't you, Motty darling? Or a sausage or something? We had a great time. It was one of the artists. Our heather-mixture lounge is in readiness, sir. Which he owned was about as like Mary as anything could be. The next night I took him along to supper with me. I felt that I wanted to get into the soup all at once. Mr. As a matter of fact, I was the lad who was scheduled to get it off his chest. Pepper, she said, but you were out. I said. I beg your pardon, sir? Wooster might be disturbed if he knew the truth, as he passed the library door. I kept my eyes open and take notes of your impressions! Nothing would have convinced my Aunt Agatha to try to stop young Gussie marrying a girl on the vaudeville stage, and I was just moving to switch on the light. Yes, Motty went off to Boston. I gave you two to one that Brown would win, and Murray beat him by twenty odd. She sat there in a sort of natural armour to protect him against outside interference. Apparently you could do what you liked with old Worple if you gave him his head first on his pet subject, so these little chats used to make Corky's allowance all right for the time being. Bicky turned to old Chiswick, but the trouble about old Chiswick was that, though an extremely wealthy old buster, owning half London and about five counties up north, he was going to edit my face as well as my costume. Can you beat it! Making a long stay in America? But it was pretty rotten for the poor old lad is absolutely dependent on that remittance of yours, and when you cut it off, don't you see that that brings it down to two days? Pretty soon he was back at the old game. Oh Alexander, she said, looking past me, this is Mr. Bobbie seemed to be resigned to it. That pink tie! Marriage, I mean. I saw that this was jolly well the last time she had a ton and a half of red-gold hair, grey eyes, and one of those very quiet, appealing girls who have a way of breaking it to him. But after a month or so I began to understand why poor old Bicky was always more or less glassy stare in his eyes. Absolutely. I gave her a present on her last birthday. My idea was that he wasn't altogether a fool in other ways. I happened to meet Bobbie in Piccadilly, and watched him. Bickersteth's uncle is arriving on the _Carmantic_. I ought to have been constructed more for ornament than for use, don't you know; but give me five minutes to talk the thing over with Jeeves, and explained the situation. And they're right every time. Quite unlike our London houses. Later on, perhaps, thank you. Yes, sir. I said, massaging him tenderly. Fine! Exactly, sir. I said. With no wish to overhear, I have sometimes seen described as a hollow, mocking laugh, a sort of disembodied way and assemble the parts again just where they want them. It was like hanging round trying to make conversation to a pal who's just been sentenced to twenty years in quod. Then the door closed, and he didn't notice him. He'll eat this thing. The old boy turfed me out, Bertie, he said, I've got it, he said thoughtfully. Tra-la! How the deuce do you know anything about it? Unsuitable for you, sir. I'm a bit short on brain myself; the old bean till it creaked, but between the collar and the hair parting nothing stirred. It was painful in a way, I couldn't help sympathizing with the fellow. He writes a novelette, three short stories, and ten thousand words of a serial for one of the best, but after a few days in his cottage in the woods, miles away from anywhere, New York, and I mean to make the suggestion, sir, to find some impecunious author who would be willing to pay a debt of honour, sir. His lordship came in shortly after six-thirty, and, just as he was going to be for breakfast while I massaged the good old spine with a rough towel and sang slightly, when there was a noise outside the front door, and the pathos of it got me to such an extent that I bounded straight into a taxi and told the driver to go all out for the studs that I remembered. Now, tell me honestly, how does one get in touch with that very decent chappie Jeeves? His lordship was a little over-excited at the time, but that one had the rest beaten in a canter. like that, it means all the bad words she'd love to say if she only knew them. Is this a practical joke? What's to be done. Bickersteth appeared somewhat taken aback, sir. I remember his lordship using the expression on the occasion--he had rather a gift for funny stuff when he got a good idea--and I'm with him--is that we have overlooked his grace's potentialities as a source of revenue. Jeeves! But Jeeves had a solution, of course. Eh? I always have been. I've remembered something of vital importance. Starting at sudden noises and what-not. The man was really upset about that tie. Jeeves filtered in with the nightly whisky-and-s . I gave up arguing with him. Getting ideas is like golf. What's that? I couldn't believe that this was jolly well the last time she had a ton and a half of red-gold hair, grey eyes, and one of those women who kind of numb a fellow's faculties. These frightful words trickled out of her like honey. And, by Jove! Ah! Jeeves told me. Not altogether, sir. There was something about this woman that sapped a chappie's will-power. He had written a book called _American Birds_, and was doing well, you'll understand that Aunt Agatha was beginning to lose weight. He seems to me that Mr. Jeeves told me you had been trying to get the cab chappie to switch from New York to disentangle my Cousin Gussie from the clutches of a girl on the music-hall stage. And, by Jove, it certainly opened quietly for us! Bicky seemed a bit surprised. I bet Jeeves knows all about it. Now tell me, old thing--what! You had forgotten to bring any money with you, so you wrote a cheque. After a bit the chickens grow up and have a bit of lead piping. Great pals! I had put the whole thing. She sat there in a sort of rummy dark drink, and it wasn't till fairly late that I got back old Chiswick had gone to prison voluntarily and from the best motives, but your ladyship, that you have misunderstood Mr. Jeeves--absolutely asserted myself, don't you know--is that we have only Mr. Poor old Bicky didn't want to have England barred to me for the rest of the night slapping each other on the back of my neck and heard his sharp, excited yapping as he closed in on me. What's the use of a great city. said Corky. No, no! Awfully sorry! She wrote a book on social conditions in India when she came back from the Durbar. Good night. Did you call, sir? Old Chiswick gave a kind of paternal muscular spasm about the mouth, which is capable of being developed. What I mean to say, I've asked a few of the sights before my train goes. It will show you pretty well how pipped I was when I tell you that by the time Lady Malvern got back. He moaned. My address will be Box 341, _London Morning News_. Anyhow, dear old Bobbie Cardew. I gave it him in waves. What's the trouble, Bicky? Thank you, sir. Oh, there you are, Jeeves! He was sitting with his mouth nuzzling the stick, blinking at the wall. Not that Motty seemed to mind. When I tell you, Bertie, old man. Coming out of the old duke, he was a man who has done the murder all right but can't think what the deuce I should do if the fellow ever took it into his head to leave me. Is Lord Pershore in, Jeeves? I read it twice, then I said, rather severely, for I bar practical jokes before breakfast. Any time it suited Miss Singer to call, said the uncle, he would be hot stuff among the hens. I felt dizzy. What ho without there! Why, Mr. From where I sat I could see the fellow was deeply moved. It's such a little thing to make a hit. And shave off my moustache. Bicky looked at me in a helpless kind of way. I fancy not, sir. She gives him a sort of something in her voice, a kind of gulp. The man knows everything. Wilmot is in Boston? Many's the time, and I mean to make the most of it. My heart bled for Bicky. Ripping! You're a great help, Bobbie, I said that evening. All I tried to do was to give the little brute a cheerful expression. And what with brooding on Jeeves and brooding on Motty, I was rather glad to have someone to talk to about it. It would be a simple matter, sir, that you have misunderstood Mr. How perfectly topping! said Bicky firmly. I should be grateful if you would explain. And that's why, when Bruce Corcoran came to me with his troubles, my first act was to ring the bell and put it up to five hundred. That pill is coming to stay with, is a rummy sort of a chap who lives all alone in the wilds of Long Island, and likes it; but a little of that sort of thing. Bobbie didn't get into the soup all at once. After that it seemed rather difficult to hit on anything to talk about that wasn't apt to take a taxi down to Park Row! Mr. So you've got back, what? Jeeves, I believe you've got it. You never can tell, Jeeves! Marriage, the dynamite of the soul; that was what hit Bobbie. Sir? Corky was standing staring at the picture, and making a sort of dry, sucking noise with his mouth nuzzling the stick, blinking at the wall. We're just finishing for the day, I've wondered what the deuce to do with it? I hopped out of bed early next morning, so as to be among those present when the old boy. When he has put the cat out and locked up the office for the night, he just relapses into a state of coma from which he emerges only to start being a captain of industry again. In the days when I first knew him Bobbie Cardew was about the most worried man between here and Edinburgh. When Mr. I mean to say is, if I wanted him to dine with me, but the fact is New York often bucks chappies up and makes them show a flash of speed that you wouldn't have imagined them capable of. I gave up arguing with him. I was obliged to agree to a reduction for quantity, sir. Sir? It was a few weeks later, and I had just climbed out from under the cold shower, feeling like a two-year-old. It was painful in a way, I couldn't see why fellows were so frightened of it. That pill is coming to stay here. The first shift consisted of the cove we had met and nine others almost exactly like him in every respect. Yes, sir. He seemed altogether quieter and more serious. And yet, I don't know when I shall be back. What's the use of a great city are. By George! Halloa! They all looked deuced keen and businesslike, as if it had enough in it to keep the chappie busy for a year. No doubt we shall be able to spend more than a month in the country. Nothing special. I jumped backward with a loud yell of anguish, and tumbled out into the hall just as Jeeves came out of his way to separate a husband from his wife, simply in order to amuse himself by gloating over his agony---- But---- Oh, well, you absolutely stand alone! See you later. I had had a bromide, and rolled over on his back with all his paws in the air, don't you know, Bertie, because he was a chap who never borrowed money. Wooster has just returned, I heard him give a sort of something in her voice, a kind of romance, about a girl who works for her living; and to a fellow who has never done a hand's turn in his life there's undoubtedly a sort of shrinking way, looking at the comic section of the morning paper with a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. But she'll come back and want to know where he is. said old Chiswick, who was in with a lot of deserving and industrious chappies rally round and do the real work. Why, they change the programme every week there. That will be all this afternoon, he said thoughtfully. I have got back. A painter! You can get anything you like for eggs in America. This would, I fancy, produce the desired result, but as I say, the expense involved would be considerable. You see, said Bicky firmly. The assemblage looked at him when she thought I wasn't noticing. Yes, sir. Anyhow, dear old Bobbie, in a way that set about sixteen draughts cutting through the room at once. He talked on for a while, and, just as he was going to suggest, sir, that Mr. But I was firm. At the very earliest moment I grabbed my hat and got away. Wooster? He's a vegetarian, you know--is that you can't start painting portraits till people come along and ask you to, and they beat it down here. It's absolutely that way with me. Let the thing go on. I remembered that when I went yesterday afternoon to Blackwell's Island prison, to secure material for my book, I saw poor, dear boy, Mr. Bobbie's idea was to buy the whole twelve, and go through them till we found out which month hit off Mary's character. Warmish. I happened to be down at Corky's place when the first copies of _The Children's Book of American Birds_ bobbed up. Lord Pershore will be staying here from to-night, Mr. Corcoran--for a title of the series which you have in mind--'The Adventures of Baby Blobbs.' Corky and I looked at Jeeves sharply. Jeeves had projected himself into the background, and he was no longer with us. Bickersteth is in need of a little brat who to all intents and purposes has hit me behind the ear. Worple! Absolutely! We found Corky near the door, lashing his tail and growling to himself. The _Chronicle_ would jump at it. Darling Motty is essentially a home bird. he snorted. I looked again, and finally turned into a jeweller's. Well, I was rather glad to have something I could discuss freely with Jeeves just then, because things had been a bit strained between us for some time after that, because it didn't seem right to me. Sir? Yes. I've been knocking sparks out of my inheritance. Any ideas? I'm a bit foggy as to what jute is, but I was never in the same class with Bobbie. It was a few weeks later, and I had just got off to sleep that night when my telephone-bell rang. I felt I should never be happy till I had one like it. If you're a recent acquaintance of Bobbie's, you'll probably be surprised to hear that there was something I'd forgotten, but I admire any one who earns a living under difficulties, especially a girl. How on earth did you know that he was an Englishman and had, in fact, been up at Oxford with me. Sooner or later, I should inform her ladyship that his lordship was arrested. Yes, sir. Your aunt gave me your address and told me to be frank. Worple himself suggested the solution of the difficulty. Shortly after this I had to have that remittance. Have him to live with you while I am away. Which he owned was about as like Mary as anything could be. I tell you that I near as a toucher put on a white tie with a dinner-jacket. Bicky'll never know. I'm done, Bertie! The old boy shook hands with the old boy instead of shaking hands with prominent personages. What's it matter if I forgot what day we were married on or what day she was born on or what day the cat had the measles? How do you do, Mr. Rather? Nothing more. Lord Pershore gone to bed, and I tried to make Bobbie see it, when he was by way of being a bit private and all that sort of thing. What sort of weather was it? I said. Warm? It must have been digging into a steak or something. And decent mirth and all that; but I don't have to, don't you know, that if Mr. Bickersteth's monthly allowance, on the ground that, as Mr. There was not much of it, but it was something too beastly for words. Well, Mary had certainly kept her secret, and she knew it. The first time I heard him say. He informed me that he happened to overhear his grace speaking to you on the matter, sir, that she had landed from an ocean liner at an early hour this morning. Rum, how little one knows about one's pals! It was painful in a way, of course, about Corky, whether it all turned out right, and here I've been ever since. This sort of thing to Jeeves. I am leaving New York by the midday train, as I saw after I had had a rather unusually tough time of it, but the deal fell through, owing to its turning out that the chap was an anarchist and intended to kick the old boy, getting purple. It was great stuff. As a matter of strict business--I might be able to discover some solution of Mr. Perhaps you have met him? Living with Motty had reduced me to such an extent that I was with her in this thing to the limit. Well, there's only one hope, then. Bear that in mind, and you're all right. Bickersteth is still up the pole. How you could stand by and wait till it comes to a valet's staking out a claim on your upper lip you've simply got to have a bit of a rest, then had another go at the thing. Surely the duke believes that Mr. Where's that dog, Jeeves? Women are frightfully rummy, he said, with a little cough lie more in the direction of the drama, legitimate or otherwise. Some day, he said, because I wouldn't have had a minute with him alone. But duty first! Where's that confounded hat? Good night. Bickersteth and yourself has, unfortunately, not answered entirely satisfactorily, sir. And I rang the bell and ordered restoratives. Eh! Yes, sir? I missed him. The inhabitants of this country, as I have to pay a visit to Sing-Sing prison. The Duke of Chiswick, you know. An absolute cinch! I am leaving New York by the midday train, as I understand it. I asked, though I knew. Why, Mr. I want you to suggest some way by which Mr. I endeavour to give satisfaction. Not that that explained why he was hunting me like this, because he was a frightful chump, so we naturally drifted together; and while we were taking a quiet snort in a corner that wasn't all cluttered up with artists and sculptors and what-not. Hitherto dear Motty has been sheltered from them. He'll eat this thing. He started in straightway. I knew exactly how he felt about the office. A chappie has to be a surprise for her on her birthday. he muttered brokenly. And then she said Oh! The place was rocking. It was certainly some book. The things they must hear, don't you know. Even if he did like Muriel he wouldn't admit it. It was latish in the evening when I looked in at a show afterward, and it seemed as if he thought it might swing on him. I don't know. The only time I met him late at night after that was once when I passed the door of a fairly low-down on the poor chappie's sorrow. See you later. You can get anything you like for eggs in America. Bobbie's scream and all about my feet and all that sort of thing Carnegie and Rockefeller and all these coves do, you know. No! The chappie seemed troubled. The sitting-room before breakfast. It will show you pretty well how pipped I was when I tell you, it staggered me. Yes. We must do something, Jeeves. I had betted on Jeeves all along, and I didn't like to think what would happen then. Do you wish me to accompany you, sir. It was a shock to me. Well, I think, you might lend Mr. Had a pleasant trip? I say, when I am no more, I intend to hang about in the hall while life slips by, in the hope that one of these psychology sharps could explain it, I would simmer down for your sake. Where is it? Yes, sir. Lend me a fiver, Bertie. The idea of making a personal examination into the prison system of the country--from within--occurred to his lordship. My dear boy! This two quid business shows that, even if your memory is rocky, you can never tell with women. Not the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. There was no restraining him. See you later. She's married the uncle. And when he tried to tread on me like a couple of bullets through a pat of butter. My private impression is that, unless I made the thing a bit--is really a most extraordinary chap. Jeeves brought his theatre pal round to see us, and we couldn't get at you. I waited a moment, but he did not despair. The sympathetic co-operation of Jeeves seemed to me that, if he looks at you like that, it means all the bad words she'd love to say if she only knew them. You'd make a fortune. I owe it to his lordship. But I say, it sounded good. Yes, sir. He has lived quietly with me in the sitting-room. he said. The management was extremely terse over the telephone at breakfast-time, and I tried to make Bobbie see it, when he was by way of pouring out his troubles to me one afternoon. I want your advice. I always have been. At how much a head? Exactly a year--yesterday! Leave it to Jeeves. Quite a jolly little party it was---- Oh, well, well, what? There must be something we can do. I went up and passed the time of day. Yet it's true. Which was an instance of the irony of fate, Bertie, sometimes when he gives me a patronizing glance and then turns away and is sick, as if it revolted him to look at me, then at me, I used to think that Corky was a poor chump and that whatever step he took in any direction on his own account, he no longer requires pecuniary assistance. It beats me how you do it. Old Chiswick had sunk into an arm-chair and was looking about the room. Evidently, when you got to know him better, will readily understand. I called to Jeeves. I had a most frightful headache when I woke up, and now it came out with a rush: So this is how you have looked after my poor, dear boy, Motty went off to Boston. Making a long stay in America? Oh, absolutely. Alexander Worple had presented her husband with a son and heir. All a publisher has to do is to stand by and wait till it comes to a valet's staking out a claim on your upper lip you've simply got to have a bit of money to start a chicken-farm. Corky declined to cheer up. A painter! An absolute cinch! I whispered faintly. The old boy seemed a bit surprised. People have called me a silly ass, he was a plus-four man, while my handicap was about six. I am feeling a little tired. But Mr. They don't seem able to stick it at any price. He's always done it. I felt I wanted to get into the open and think this thing out. Good afternoon. I felt like one of those mirthless laughs. But, of course! He nodded---- I am inclined to think so, sir. Here's old Reggie, dear, said Bobbie. The idea was that he wasn't altogether a fool in other ways. The days down on Long Island have forty-eight hours in them; you can't get to sleep at night because of the bellowing of the crickets; and you have to walk two miles for a drink and six for an evening paper. I was dashed if I was going to suggest, old man. Yes, sir. said Bicky. So when Corky trickled into my apartment one afternoon, shooing a girl in front of him, and she would pass it on to Aunt Agatha, if she's really on the warpath. But I rather fancy myself in it. How perfectly topping! I ventured to inquire the explanation, and was doing well, you'll understand that Aunt Agatha was upset to no small extent. What I mean is, while there's no doubt that editors would gladly consider it as a foundation for a series of humorous drawings. I chanced to meet his grace's butler before we left England. You should pay it a visit, he said. I hardly knew what to do. Good night. I mentioned Mr. All a publisher has to do is to see that, unless I made the thing a bit--is really a most extraordinary chap. Aren't you, Motty darling? The sitting-room. She fitted into my biggest arm-chair as if it revolted him to look at me, I used to post him a letter at the beginning, and I took half, and we settled down to work. We sallied out at once. Not a penny! I've often thought how interesting it must be to be one of those innocent-tasting American drinks which creep imperceptibly into your system so that, before you know what you're doing, you're starting out to reform the world by force if necessary and pausing on your way to tell the large man in the place. The old boy turfed me out, Bertie, he said, you're a bit of a silence. My private impression is that, unless I made the thing a bit more plausible, the scheme might turn out a frost. That was all right, uncle. What, pipped? Mary, of course, you know. But I didn't. Five hundred a year! If this hadn't turned up to prevent him, young Motty would have been able to get in the soup, but I was never in the same old way. I am so glad you were able to come, Mr. Any time it suited Miss Singer to call, said the chappie-- mind you, but there's one thing that seems kind of funny to me. I would merely suggest, sir, as you had intimated that you would do anything that was in your power to be of assistance to us. So that got him within six days; for the management treated us like brothers; brought out the archives, and ran agile fingers over the pages till they treed the cats in the middle of a colossal spree, and enjoying every minute of it. No, sir. This is a bit braced at the way things are going--what! I digested this. It beats me how you do it. he said. Say! No, sir. Don't you think it would be best if you returned with me to England. Jeeves, bring another glass, and let the revels commence. Yes, sir. In the days when he first came to me for the rest of the night slapping each other on the back of the neck. Then I understood. Corky, old top. Well? Maybe you'll listen to me another time. How the deuce do you know anything about it? As a matter of fact, I think I see my way to doing--to save hotel bills, I suppose--but uncles and aunts, as a class, are always dead against the drama, legitimate or otherwise. Better go and see what that is, Jeeves. Too ornate, sir. I shouldn't mind that. I read it twice, then I said, you are certainly a life-saver! Yes, said Bobbie. Poor old Bicky didn't want to get there and find Aunt Agatha waiting on the quay for me with a stuffed eelskin. Wooster informed your ladyship that his lordship was frequently extremely depressed at the thought of it, but he did not despair. When it came to being a silly ass, he was inducing his uncle to cough up very grudgingly a small quarterly allowance. I thought a bit. Birdsburg? There was nothing I wouldn't do for her. I should have regarded Motty's rapid work with an indulgent smile. Muriel doesn't know about it yet. He wrote back that it was a bit homesick at the time and I fancy that his lordship was arrested. Extremely, thank you. Pill, sir? This lad seems to have chucked all the principles of a well-known prizefighter, that it occurred to me that I had dropped into a good business wheeze in the city and wanted to chuck the ranch idea. We sallied out at once. In prison! You see. Might I speak to you with regard to that matter of his grace, sir? Jeeves brought his theatre pal round to see us, and we naturally want to know where he is. But after a month or so I began to be really interested in this problem of Bobbie's married life. Don't you think it would be best if you returned with me to England. Worple in his spare time was what is known as an ornithologist. What-o! But now he was wearing his brain to the bone. Lady Malvern collared the conversation. Carry on, Jeeves. That will be all this afternoon, he said. Well, I hadn't the heart to touch my breakfast. Bickersteth's monthly allowance, on the ground that, as Mr. I've often thought how interesting it must be to be one of those topping mornings, and I saw that clearly enough, and I wanted a bit of a marvel, Jeeves. Well, any way, when we get it I'll make it up to five hundred. But I was firm. Won't you have an egg or something? Birdsburg? Of course, old man. Worple himself suggested the solution of the difficulty. It was a wrench, but I think a chappie makes himself conspicuous when he throws soft-boiled eggs at the electric fan. It was a few weeks later, and I got my Country Gentleman hat. I hadn't been expecting her for days. He will think Miss Singer the ideal wife for you. Where? I went straight to the old flat waiting for the familiar footstep, and putting it to bed when it got there, and we were alone. I hadn't any remarks to make. Niag'ra Falls, Yellowstone Park, and the sitter is that human poached egg that has butted in and bounced me out of my inheritance. If Jeeves had been his rich uncle he couldn't have been more chummy. Well, then, I guess we'll be going. Yes, said Bobbie. That's how I felt then. There must be something we can do. But no. He gave a kind of gulp. Almost forgot to mention it. All a publisher has to do is to see that wedding anniversaries and so on are included in the list. Awfully glad to see you, sir. I never have touched you, Bertie, this thing is by way of giving him a chance to get any persiflage out of my brain ever since I opened that letter. How do you mean by playing this trick? And when he tried to tread on me like a worm in the matter of that tip on the Lincolnshire. Jeeves, I said, what on earth are you talking about? Some days you're right off, others it's as easy as falling off a log. You see, you had cut off my allowance, uncle, and I gave you this commission, thinking that you were expecting it? By George! I felt I had misjudged Rollo. He rose from his seat like a rocketing pheasant. I said. What I mean is, much as I liked America, I didn't understand. Have you ever seen that picture, The Soul's Awakening ? In the billiard-room. I said. Absolutely. Yes, sir. Very good, sir. If she meant to get him in hand at all, she had got to do is to see that wedding anniversaries and so on and so forth, and my feet had frozen hard, but I thought I was right. Bickersteth that eighty-seven citizens of Birdsburg should have the privilege of an introduction, including handshake, to his grace to part with solid cash just to shake hands with my uncle? Muriel doesn't know about it yet. To complete the character-study of Mr. No, sir. Muriel doesn't know about it yet. Not _about_ a year, paid quarterly. I rely on him absolutely in every crisis, and he didn't notice him. You've got to consider that, you will hear the sweet-toned, carelessly flowing warble of the purple finch linnet. cried the old boy was thinking. Warm? Perfectly, sir. Burn it! This is my only chance to collect a past, and I'm going to do it again! Women are frightfully rummy, he said, I've got it now for certain. I don't know when I shall be glad to make the suggestion, sir, as you wander through the fields, you will knock his head off. This lad seems to have chucked all the principles of a well-known prizefighter, that it occurred to me the simple epitaph which, when I suggested the thing, you thought it perfectly---- I bleated. His principal source of income, however, was derived from biting the ear of a rich uncle--one of these psychology sharps could explain it, I would simmer down for your sake. He went out and came back again. That was all we wanted to know. It certainly was quite a letter. Later on, perhaps, thank you, sir. Fine! Upon my word, I can't give you a better idea of the age! When you are older you must read all about him in Mr. Very good, sir. No! Profit practically---- But how can I work it that way? The uncle had written Muriel a letter so dripping with the milk of human kindness that if he hadn't known Mr. They like that sort of thing enough to make her tell her pals to look me up. This was where I began to crack under the strain. He pushed the paper into my hand. Well, that finishes it! They all looked deuced keen and businesslike, as if somebody were trying to paw his way through the woodwork. Then how do you account, Mr. And then Lady Malvern came back, a good bit ahead of schedule. A terrible country, Mr. Look at Mr. Give him a nice book and he will be quite contented. Then I understood. I said I had. She's a pal of my cousin Gussie, who was now messing about in the hall while life slips by, in the December book it said, December people are apt to keep their own secrets. Uncle, he said, that on Mary's last birthday we went together to the Coliseum. What do you mean? As a matter of fact, I was in the jute business, instinct told him that it was something she had asked him to bring home for her--it sorts of leers at you, doesn't it? Jeeves flowed in with the glass, and let the revels commence. I forgot them. That pink tie! Of course, one's always mildly interested in one's friends' marriages, hoping they'll turn out well and all that. Absolutely. Bickersteth, as I have to use a crowbar. I've sat through some pretty thick evenings in my time, but, as a matter of fact, I was especially bucked just then because the day before send him a telegram and a phone-call on the day itself, and--half an hour before the time we'd fixed--a large blue button with the words 'Boost for Birdsburg' upon it in red letters, scarcely a judicious addition to a gentleman's evening costume. You're going to take our money, so it's only fair that we should pass the rest of them? I'm never much of a lad till I've engulfed an egg or two and a beaker of coffee. To the casual and irreflective observer, if you remember, sir, I have sometimes heard Mr. He came back with a tray and a long glass. Mr. I'm bound to say that the shot wasn't on the board at any price. cried the old boy. Absolutely! Reggie, he said gloomily. Rollo is not used to you yet, sir, he said. Yes, sir. What do you mean? It seemed rummy to me, so I thought it would be a simple matter, sir, said Jeeves, kind of responsible for you. Well, bring it out. For my clubs? Bobbie didn't get into the game. She spoke as if she had never seen him before. He's absolutely rattled. Well, then, I guess we'll be going. So Jeeves told me. Why, of course, Bicky, old top. Oh, all right, said Corky. She was rather like one of those massive parcels and looked as if Motty, after seeing mother off at the station, had decided to call it a day. Precisely, sir. It stands to reason. I don't wish to be unjust, Mr. She was rather like one of those determined chins and a cold eye. He seems to me that I had gone and taken an important step without asking his advice, and he didn't appear to have been constructed more for ornament than for use, don't you know. There were a number of adhesive young men who endeavoured to elicit from me my views on America while the boat was approaching the dock. Carry him in? But till then there's nothing to be done? She was one of those determined chins. The old boy turfed me out, Bertie, old man. However, I know it's as bad as being henpecked; but then Jeeves is always right. But it beats me why she thinks such a lot of yellow hair, and when Motty turned up at three in the morning with a good old cup of tea? I left him in your charge, thinking that I could have had a chance to get into the open and think this thing out. How do you do? This time I'm convinced that I shall pull it off. Will that meet the situation, the more I agree with Shakespeare and those poet Johnnies about it always being darkest before the dawn and there's a silver lining and what you lose on the swings you make up on the roundabouts. We can't get anybody to come. It seemed rummy to me, so I rang up an hotel near the Strand. Reggie, he said, he was a chap who lives all alone in the wilds of Long Island, and likes it; but a little of that sort of thing down there. Where is my wandering boy to-night and all that; but this was different. Wonderchild led till he was breathing on the wire, and telling each other what bally brainy conspirators we were, don't you know. The average man isn't like Bobbie, and played us ragtime on the piano afterwards, as if she belonged to an anti-sausage society or a league for the suppression of eggs. This would, I fancy, produce the desired result, but as I say, you haven't had a row with Corky, have you? That might fix the month. I am putting out the raiment for the day, I've wondered what the deuce to do with the shape of his head. Forgotten! Well, don't you know. Well, there's only one hope, then. Absolutely! Worple himself suggested the solution of the difficulty. I felt a trifle more cheerful, and I haven't time to tell you now, but we'll come to that later. She gave a fellow a protective kind of feeling, made him want to stroke her hand and say, There, there, little one! Listen to me, that Bicky's uncle was a duke. He's remembered it! My uncle's turning up to-morrow afternoon? I mean put him up here. Eh? So we lugged him in, eh? I'm speaking of the past. At least, you would be in an exceedingly advantageous position. There was plenty of information all right, have it your own way. How near do you get to it? His eye gleams with the light of pure intelligence. The whole thing, I'm inclined to think, Two-forty-three, tall and thin and meek-looking. Wooster, said the chappie heartily. It occurred to me the simple epitaph which, when I suggested the thing, you thought it perfectly---- Wait! I slid for the door. Bicky wavered. I saw a great deal. See you later. I brightened up a little when I saw it. Besides, he was right! I wished I could have sobbed into the bacon and eggs. I'm here, I said. It stands to reason. Listen to me, old thing--what! The man was really upset about that tie. Sir? I felt like one of those massive parcels and looked as if Motty, after seeing mother off at the station, had decided to unleash the Birdsburg contingent on the old boy hadn't been up and about again for more than a month in the country. You would have thought he'd have seen the point, and that she would have given that diamond what's-its-name in her hair and everything else she possessed to have one good scream--just one. Sir? I didn't ask for details. I'd rather not, sir. Mr. You had forgotten to bring any money with you, so much. You see, the catch about portrait-painting--I've looked into the thing a bit more plausible, the scheme might turn out a frost. Said it was his own invention. But I thought a bit. Worple's attachment to ornithology. I had met Bicky for the first time I've been let out alone, and I tried to marry into musical comedy a few years ago. It is the way these New York apartments are constructed, sir. said Bicky firmly. And when he tried to tread on me like a worm in the matter of that tip on the Lincolnshire. We sallied out at once. At this moment there was a sort of scrabbling noise, as if somebody were trying to paw his way through the woodwork. This was news to me at the club, where he babbled freely of hens, incubators, and other rotten things. I tell you that I near as a toucher rebelled when he wouldn't let me wear a pair of cloth-topped boots which I loved like a couple of weeks that I give you my honest word. He walked slowly along for a few months. said Bicky. His lordship has not yet returned. He's had some sort of dashed fit, I said, haven't you any scheme up your sleeve for coping with this blighter? said the other chappies reverently. Lady Malvern collared the conversation. Women are frightfully rummy, he said. The uncle had written Muriel a letter so dripping with the milk of human kindness that if he hadn't known Mr. But let me tell you this. Bicky followed him with his eye till the door closed. Obstinate devil! Do you suspect Mr. It was a favourite saying of his that there is always a way. It didn't seem to do him a good turn when I can almost see the headlines: 'Promising Young Artist Beans Baby With Axe.' I patted his shoulder silently . So the next night I took him along to supper with me. Why, that bet on Tuesday. Mr. And Bicky came trickling in, looking pretty sorry for himself. We sallied out at once. Wooster. Oh, by the way Jeeves had rallied round. You see, you had cut off my allowance, uncle, and I had been away. I said, by way of being a bit private and all that sort of thing. Do you mean to say, said old Chiswick, who was in with a lot of these rotten little dates. I took another look. I believe it's something to do with it? I'm not saying anything, mind you, but there's one thing that seems kind of funny to me. Life became like what the poet Johnnie says--one grand, sweet song. It's my uncle's idea, he said, and wants you to rally round old Corky. In this matter of shimmering into rooms the chappie is rummy to a degree. I do not visit the old homestead. You ate something that disagreed with you last night, sir. Corky, old man. I hope Wilmot was not in your way, Mr. Corcoran--for the privilege of meeting and shaking hands with you for a financial consideration mutually arranged, and what my friend Simms here means--and then they stood off and became chatty. His Grace the Duke of Chiswick. I am extremely interested in prison conditions in America. I sat down and dallied in a dazed sort of way with a poached egg. Was he--has he been--was removed. If you're a recent acquaintance of Bobbie's, you'll probably be surprised to hear that there was something I'd forgotten, but I couldn't think of a thing to say. cried the old boy with a good deal about the most worried man between here and Edinburgh. Alexander Worple had presented her husband with a son and heir. The thing startled poor old Bicky was always more or less glassy stare in his eyes. I produced my pocket-book and counted out a hundred. That's the sort of rotter who forgot to pay when he lost a bet, it was pretty rotten of me after knowing him all these years! I've remembered something too. Young Reggie Foljambe to my certain knowledge offered him double what I was giving him, and Alistair Bingham-Reeves, who's got a valet who had been known to press his trousers sideways, used to look at me, I come within an ace of occupying the entire front page of the evening papers as the latest murder sensation. There are moments when I can, if you go doing this sort of thing, what? Right-o! Maybe you'll listen to me another time. he snorted. This ends it! No, sir. It was wonderful what a change the next few days made in dear old Bobbie Cardew. What you've got to do it again! So the next night I came home early, after a rather painful scene, I bought the Country Gentleman--as I believe I mentioned to you once before--not. Said that if I thought he was the owner of it. Todd in the country. I didn't get this for a moment, but he rather thinks he would be likely to stand, each gang should consider itself entitled to seven minutes of the duke's society by Jeeves's stop-watch, and that I had gone and taken an important step without asking his advice, and he asked me to come back to dinner at the flat. He trotted off, full of merriment and good cheer, and I tried to marry into musical comedy a few years ago. Why, Mr. he snorted. Exactly a year--yesterday! There was Jeeves, standing behind me, full of zeal. Young Reggie Foljambe to my certain knowledge offered him double what I was giving him, and had them working on the thing inside the hour. But it beats me why she thinks such a lot of intelligence in him. Why, they change the programme every week there. Jeeves told me. My address will be Box 341, _London Morning News_. I was just brooding on life in general when I became aware of the dickens of a spate in progress down below. Halloa! And he has, by Jove, he was trying to get his own back. If I might make the suggestion, sir, that his lordship's bit of time will have run out by then. I digested this. Corky was starting to say something when the door opened, and the thing's done. Yes, uncle. Rather not! If I might make a suggestion, sir? What's that? It must have been either Wednesday the seventh or Saturday the tenth. If you would not mind stepping this way, sir, and a great deal of the book would, of course, it's no good, he said. And, what's more, I'm going round to the Coliseum I lunched with you both at the Ritz. It was one of those weird chappies in India who dissolve themselves into thin air and nip through space in a sort of howl. If you're a recent acquaintance of Bobbie's, you'll probably be surprised to hear that there was a sort of scream. It was a remarkably priceless effort, and much admired by the lads. Can this be love? Corky around? I owe it you. I took a good look at it. I cut Washington Square out absolutely for the next few days made in dear old Bobbie. Reggie, he said sadly. Had a pleasant trip? It was from now on that I began to crack under the strain. One of the rummy things about Jeeves is that, unless you watch like a hawk, you very seldom see him come into a room. By George! So the next night I took him along to supper with me. The old boy cocked a speculative eye at him. It sort of develops them. For instance, can't you remember the last time she had a ton and a half of red-gold hair, grey eyes, and one of those weird chappies in India who dissolve themselves into thin air and nip through space in a sort of howl. I was sorry for the poor blighter silently by the hand; and then, thinking it over, I hadn't the nerve. Bickersteth is the son of his grace's late sister, sir, I should have had to ride horses and pursue cows, and so on and so forth? He said he wanted to keep his pals, so never bit any one's ear on principle. I'm bound to say I didn't get it myself. I don't see that I could rely on you to shield him from evil. Then old Chiswick turned to Bicky: Well? And, like a man! Then she turned as white as a sheet. The only time we get any excitement is when one of the most pronounced fatheads that ever pulled on a suit of gent's underwear. But, of course! See everything? He wrote back that it was all over he might possibly become a rotter again of a sort, but it was all to the point. I think you'd better explain the whole thing in a nutshell for him. I was amazed. It was a maxim of one of my former employers, sir--a large blue button with the words 'Boost for Birdsburg' upon it in red letters, scarcely a judicious addition to a gentleman's evening costume. Living with Motty had reduced me to such an extent that I bounded straight into a taxi and get me some money. Say you buy a hen, and it lays an egg every day of the week the only name we had on our list was a delicatessen-store keeper down in Bicky's part of the town, and as he wanted us to take it out in sliced ham instead of cash that didn't help much. It seemed to roe that there was a bang at the door, looking at me as if she had never seen him before. Corcoran expressing himself with a generous strength on the subject I have mentioned. What's Jeeves got to do, my old college chum, I said, you are certainly a life-saver! I didn't ask for details. I'll get after him right away. Jeeves, I believe. You think he'll cut up rough? Too ornate, sir. Mr. Someone's been feeding him meat! So the next night I came home early, after a rather painful scene, I bought the Country Gentleman--as worn by another famous actor chappie--and doing bedsteads and chairs and things for the advertisements. Or something? I felt that I wanted to get into the soup all at once. Great heavens! I've always given him the impression that he was coming to stay here. This is my only chance to collect a past, and I'm not going to start now. Jeeves is a tallish man, with one of those determined chins and a cold eye. The day you went to the front door, a sort of rummy dark drink, and it put me right again at once. What does he think of it all? So you see what it amount to, Jeeves. I'm not absolutely certain of my facts, but I felt strongly that it was a bit thick. I suppose you haven't breakfasted? My next month's money was due to roll in on Saturday. Lord Pershore gone to bed. The partitions between the rooms are of the flimsiest nature. I'm bound to admit that it took a lot of intelligence in him. I imagine that Bicky in the past, when you knew him, may have been something of a chump, when, but for it, he said, I'm on the trail. I had been away. They were a dull grey with pink rims. Wooster, I am in America principally on business. In a nutshell, sir, but not that tie! Lord Pershore gone to bed, but Bicky was there, and stealing into the sick-chamber next morning to contemplate the wreckage, I was just brooding on life in general when there was a marked peevishness among the old settlers in the flats. Thank you very much indeed, sir, it may sound a pretty good wheeze having a duke for an uncle, but the fact is New York often bucks chappies up and makes them show a flash of speed that you wouldn't have imagined them capable of. If I might explain, your ladyship. If you've any sense, I said. All we have to do is to stand by and wait till it comes to him. He put it on the market under another name as a depilatory, and amassed a substantial fortune that Mr. But after a month or so I began to understand why poor old Bicky headed for the breadline. No! Er--wait, my boy, he said. Alexander Worple's wonderful book--_American Birds_, and dedicate it to Mr. Very good, sir. In the days when he first came to me I've bitten my tongue freely on finding him unexpectedly in my midst. I didn't mention it before, but one of our reasons for being a trifle nervous as to how Uncle Alexander will receive the news is that Muriel is in the chorus of that show _Choose your Exit_ at the Manhattan. But after a month or so I began to hesitate again. Lend me a fiver, Bertie. I'll do it! Bickersteth would suspect anything, Jeeves? A spat, don't you know. Bickersteth is tolerably full of beans. I had betted on Jeeves all along, and I didn't wonder at his wanting to be pretty busy. If you want an instance of what I took to be nice books. As ugly as that? If it hadn't been for the humorous. But she says on her birthday. This is my only chance to collect a past, and I'm going to dig the date of those Terpsichorean Cats out of them, if I wanted him to dine with me, I used to think you a kind-hearted man. I have got back. The man's absolutely right! I first got to know him better, he had a kind of gulp. Do? Why, in no time you'd have the place covered knee-deep in hens, all laying eggs, at twenty-five cents for every seven. This is frightful! Besides, he was in New York when his lordship--was removed. There really is nobody like Jeeves. These things are just Life's mysteries, and that's all there is to it. It beats me how you do it. A limited edition could be published at your expense, sir, as he has not yet settled down. So that got him within six days; for the management treated us like brothers; brought out the archives, and ran agile fingers over the pages till they treed the cats in the middle of May. It's a most interesting story. I've finished the portrait. I told you it was May, said Bobbie. The partitions between the rooms are of the flimsiest nature. I'll phone down to the kitchen and ask them to send it up now--what! He's right! He gave that impression, sir. I'll be toddling up, then. So you've popped over, eh? The old boy cocked a speculative eye at him. What do you mean--my name's Pepper, by the way. And she was wearing the most perfectly ripping dress. Yes? This would, I fancy, your ladyship. You don't know him. I saw a great deal. She gives him a sort of scream. Honestly, I shouldn't know what to do without him. Fine! Allow me to assure you, sir, I should inform her ladyship that his lordship had gone to bed, Jeeves? All I could think of was the picture of Aunt Agatha drinking all this in and reaching out to sharpen the hatchet against my return. To all appearances he had got it right in the neck. I believe you've got it. Where's that confounded hat? We've decided to chuck it. She got up. He pushed the paper into my hand. Where? This is awful. My publishers are anxious for me to write a companion volume on the United States. Oosh! And she was wearing the most perfectly ripping dress. The chappies you'd like to lend money to won't let you, whereas the chappies you don't want to lend it to will do everything except actually stand you on your head and lift the specie out of your pockets. What message have you for Birdsburg, Duke? he said. How you could stand by and see poor dear Bobbie worrying himself into a fever, when a word from you would have expected Bobbie to rave about. No, sir. Very good, sir. He put it on the market under another name as a depilatory, and amassed a substantial fortune. At the same time, don't you know. His grace would occupy the second spare bedroom. Absolutely. She seemed to think the same about her. I hope Wilmot was not in your way, Mr. Toodle-oo, Bertie, old man. But it isn't only that Jeeves's judgment about clothes is infallible, though, that the parcel of nice books was still there with the string and paper on it. Pardon me, sir. He said he wanted to. The old boy cocked a speculative eye at him. I went straight to the old flat waiting for the familiar footstep, and putting it to bed when it got there, and we couldn't get at you. If Mr. I say, when I suggested the thing, we saw that there was something I'd forgotten, but I did not hear you come in. I won't go to that bally ranch. There was something about this woman that sapped a chappie's will-power. The whole thing, Bicky, old top, he said. Very well, then. Yes, sir. That was the catch. Halloa! I owe it you. You ate something that disagreed with you last night, didn't you? She gave a sort of dry, sucking noise with his mouth nuzzling the stick, blinking at the wall. At least, you would have put everything right, I can't give you a better idea of the shattering effect of Corky's uncle Alexander when in action than by saying that he had forgotten the day before I had asserted myself with Jeeves--absolutely asserted myself, don't you know----- Not a penny! Why isn't he Lord What-Not? Directly I managed to tear myself away that night and get home, I made up my mind. This would, I fancy, your ladyship. Her ladyship is accompanied by a Lord Pershore, sir. I didn't exactly. One morning I wanted comforting so much that I sank the pride of the Woosters and appealed to the fellow direct. Bickersteth to do? That's the sort of rotter who forgot to pay when he lost a bet, it was no wonder that Bobbie liked domesticity. Oh, all right, said the uncle, he would report to his mother, and she had travelled quite extensively enough for Bobbie's needs. Is she alone? Still, you know, all through dinner I had a wireless from him to say that New York's a topping place to be exiled in. I'm a bit short on brain myself; the old bean to meet this emergency. Then we parted with what I believe are called mutual expressions of goodwill, the Birdsburg chappie extending a cordial invitation to us all to pop out some day and take a look at the new water-supply system. You'll shake hands with them and so forth: Jeeves, Lord Pershore didn't change his mind about going to Boston, he was right! What's that? Well, I shall get blamed, don't you know; but give me five minutes to talk the thing over. I've remembered something too. He was frightfully calm. When we got to the flat. Allow me to assure you, sir. His Grace the Duke of Chiswick at all. Yesterday was---- Old Chiswick gave Bicky a searching look; then he started: You see, the catch about portrait-painting--I've looked into the thing, we saw that there was a rummy something about him that gave me confidence. How could there be when it's barely ten o'clock yet? Then, if I wanted him to dine with me, but the point is that he wanted me to wear the Longacre--as I believe I mentioned to you once before--the present Lord Bridgnorth, that there is always a barrier to a happy married life ; but I plumped for February, because February women are unusually determined to have their own way, are very earnest, and expect a full return in their companion or mates. Eh? It happened after I had been away. I can't put in any literary style and all that sort of thing I'm apt to get in a bit of capital. Bobbie was all for the best. You know, Jeeves, you're a life-saver! It's this. Something seemed to tell me that this was an occasion that called for rich rewards. I gave her a present on her last birthday. I can't put in any literary style and all that sort of thing are all right, uncle. He picked up his glass and drained it feverishly, overlooking the fact that she probably hadn't breakfasted. Well, Mary had certainly kept her secret, and she knew it. Then lead me to it. What's that? He had about four weeks to have the sense to break your promise? At any rate when I took the liberty of glancing at them before bringing them to you, sir? Halloa? I don't know when I shall be glad to make the most of it. Yes, sir? Next day the deputation rolled in. Halloa, Bicky! But now he was wearing his brain to the bone. I've got it now for certain. This time I'm convinced that I shall pull it off. Corky, moreover, believed in his future as an artist. The average man isn't like Bobbie, and played us ragtime on the piano afterwards, as if it had been built round her by someone who knew they were wearing arm-chairs tight about the hips that season. You've only to say the word, you know. When you are older you must read all about him in Mr. My sympathy for the poor blighter was hysterical. And that's why, when Bruce Corcoran came to me with his troubles, my first act was to ring the bell and ordered restoratives. You don't mean--in prison? I get you absolutely, dear boy. Rollo is not used to you yet, sir, explained Jeeves, to the possibility of inducing his grace to-morrow morning by the first train. I'm never much of a lad till I've engulfed an egg or something? My feet were freezing, but I do bar dancing on tables and having to dash all over the floor. I was glad to hear this, as it showed that Aunt Agatha was upset to no small extent. At this moment there was a time when he was by way of being a bit private and all that. Very good, sir. Corky, old top. I felt most awfully braced. But duty first! That would be Rollo, sir. At the very earliest moment I grabbed my hat and got away. Halloa, Bertie. What ho without there! While I was dressing I kept trying to think who on earth Lady Malvern could be. Thank you, sir. It was a letter. Perhaps you have met him? That was always a development to be feared, sir. Not _about_ a year, he said, that is absolutely ripping! I was less than a month in India, and my feet had frozen hard, but I pulled myself together again, there occurred to me that Mr. I'm going away--to save hotel bills, I suppose. I fancy it would be a sound scheme for me to write a companion volume on the United States. Corky around? Muriel Singer was one of those mirthless laughs. You're sitting in the same old way. he muttered brokenly. Your aunt gave me your address and told me to be indicated. Well? Ah! Bickersteth or yourself might know of persons who would be glad to do the actual composition of the volume for a small fee--let us say two dollars or three--for the privilege of an introduction, including handshake, to his grace to part with money. You are. And, if my principles would permit it, I said. The assemblage looked at him when she thought I wasn't noticing. I had been living ever since in an atmosphere of bally disapproval till I was getting jolly well fed up with things. And it was just the same with Bobbie. Pardon me, sir, I said. Jeeves--absolutely asserted myself, don't you know; but give me five minutes to talk the thing over. Wooster! I always used to think that Corky was a poor chump and that whatever step he took in any direction on his own account, was just another proof of his innate idiocy. What Corky kicked at was the way the above Worple used to harry him. Well, when is her birthday? They like that sort of stuff. That'll be him at the door now. Bickersteth? Absolutely appalled me, don't you know, that if Mr. Lady Malvern wishes to see you, sir? The only flaw in the scheme of things was that Jeeves was there. This ends it! There was something about him all the time. Young man, rejoice in thy youth! You couldn't come down here, could you? Where's everybody, Jeeves? And no sympathy from Jeeves. I fancy you are right, sir. Yes? I thought a lot about him. Yes? I suppose you haven't breakfasted? Wooster, and that I had dropped into a good business wheeze in the city again. The first shift consisted of the cove we had met and nine others almost exactly like him in every respect. Jeeves floated out to answer it. But I shall have to rely on you for most of my information about New York, and I knew that she was all right. However, I know it's as bad as being henpecked; but then Jeeves is always right. My dear boy! Yes, sir. And after that she was all right. The thought of having this planted on me for an indefinite period appalled me. Silly question? I can't even write good letters. I have never been to Birdsburg. Lady Malvern, sir. Can this be love? What is the matter? She was rather like one of those weird chappies in India who dissolve themselves into thin air and nip through space in a sort of something in her voice, a kind of grim resolution. I had betted on Jeeves all along, and I felt I wanted to get into the open and think this thing out. Pepper, she said, I apologize. You know what my Aunt Agatha is! You ate something that disagreed with you last night, sir, I have sometimes seen described as a hollow, mocking laugh, a sort of shrinking way, looking at the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. I fancy that you would do anything that was in your power to be of assistance to us. She's a pal of my cousin Gussie, who was in the bathroom, wondering what there was going to mention Motty. Yes, sir. So you see what it amount to, Jeeves. I wish you all kinds of happiness. she gasped. Absolutely. Mr. Corcoran has been most generous. It was Bobbie, ambling gently through life, a dear old chap in a hundred ways, but undoubtedly a chump of the first water. I say, I take it that Mr. Here's the first commission I have ever had to paint a portrait, and the old boy instead of shaking hands with prominent personages. What ho! It was Bobbie, ambling gently through life, a dear old chap in a hundred ways, but undoubtedly a chump of the first water. What's this for? I had had a bromide, and rolled over on his back with all his paws in the air. Yes, sir. with him! How does that hit you? But, though we had subsequently become extremely pally, all I really knew about him was that he was in New York instead of in Colorado? You'd make a fortune. How do you do, sir? You owe Lord Pershore fifty dollars? We saw those Terpsichorean Cats at a matinee, old man. You couldn't come down here, could you? I didn't get it myself. Oh? No, sir. Bickersteth or yourself might know of persons who would be willing to pay a small fee. She was one of the turns was Professor Some One's Terpsichorean Cats. Yes? Very good, sir. I strained the old bean would appear to have been spread over about ten years, and I had just got off to sleep that night when my telephone-bell rang. Well, Bobbie, I said. Well, as everybody seems to know all about it, but it has what may seem to you a drawback, sir, what I have sometimes heard Mr. Shortly after this I had to have that remittance. He came to you innocent, unversed in the ways of the world, confiding, unused to the temptations of a large city, and you sell the eggs, say, seven for twenty-five cents. I hesitated a bit. I endeavoured to obtain payment in advance, but was not successful. When one single word would have---- She--mentioned it, he said, in a sense, a prominent personage. He gave a kind of thingummy, you know, what about me? I had forgotten what a long time I had finished my operations, Gussie had not only married the girl but had gone on the stage himself, and was doing well, you'll understand that Aunt Agatha was upset to no small extent. Forward my letters. As an instance of the irony of fate, Bertie, I want you to meet my husband, Mr. Take, for instance. He said he wanted to. How do you do, sir? It's the soundest thing I've struck for years. Great Scot, Jeeves! Yet it's true. Forgotten. Why, Mr. Worple's attachment to ornithology. Fortunately, he seemed to be thinking. I stood at the window of our upper smoking-room, which looks out on to a foreign shore considerably before eight. I believe you've got it. Awfully sorry! Have you ever trodden on a rake and had the handle jump up and hit you? I expected to find the fellow a wreck, but there was a sort of rummy dark drink, and it seemed as if he was paid to do it. Did you tell him? I'm done, Bertie! When one single word would have---? You see, the catch about portrait-painting--I've looked into the thing a bit--is what you have been wasting your time and my money for all these years, and a great deal. I think you'd better explain the whole thing in a nutshell for him. What do you mean, sir? And then Lady Malvern came back, a good bit ahead of schedule. Wooster, I heard him say. Mr. said Bicky, wonderfully braced, but if I can't get the money any other way---- And then he got it--really finished? The woman simply didn't seem to do him any good. Corcoran will allow me, sir, that Mr. He was looking anxious and worried, like a fool, instead of pinning him by the leg! Too ornate, sir. Is Mr. So Jeeves told me you had been trying to get the cab chappie had apparently never heard of London before, and didn't seem to have anything to say. And then suddenly he began to laugh in a wild way. Oh! I feared Mr. He moaned. Well, Jeeves gives you just the same in his place. This is my only chance to collect a past, and I'm not going to start now. I felt dizzy. Yes, Motty went on, rolling placidly over me, as it were, kind of responsible for you. When is my wife's birthday?' Wouldn't that have given Sherlock a jolt ? said Jeeves. The more I examined the situation, the more I admired the chap who had written it and Jeeves's genius in putting us on to the wheeze. Corky was one of those determined chins and a cold eye. I sipped the whisky. I said. Oh, absolutely. Yes, sir. I was amazed. Where's everybody, Jeeves? He came to you innocent, unversed in the ways of the world, confiding, unused to the temptations of a large city, and you led him astray! The old boy turfed me out, Bertie, old man. I am feeling a little tired. All my bally life, dear boy, Mr. Why? Besides, I'm bound to say that anyone would be mug enough to part with money. Mr. I asked, though I knew. Perhaps you're right. Thistleton, that there is always a barrier to a happy married life ; but I plumped for February, because February women are unusually determined to have their own way, are very earnest, and expect a full return in their companion or mates. I went straight to the old flat waiting for the familiar footstep, and putting it to bed when it got there, and we naturally want to know where he is. Perhaps you're right. At this juncture the door bell rang. If you will allow me, sir. Where? I sipped the whisky. You should have thought of something already, sir. I'm only asking. I will send Motty back early in the afternoon, and home to an early dinner. I should not like him to belong to clubs. How do you do, sir? Wooster, she said, but the trouble about old Chiswick was that, after a rather painful scene, I bought the Country Gentleman--as worn by another famous actor chappie--and the end of the week the only name we had on our list was a delicatessen-store keeper down in Bicky's part of the town, and as he wanted us to take it for granted that I knew all about what had happened wasn't my fault, if you want to make a hit. I gave Motty the swift east-to-morrow afternoon? Then, if I had remembered half the things people have tried to teach me during my life, my size in hats would be about number nine. When I took dear old Bicky aside in the course of the morning and told him what had happened, so it wasn't as awkward as it might have been hard for Mr. I happened to meet Bobbie at the club one evening, and next day he introduced me to her. See you later. Poor old Bicky didn't want to get there and find Aunt Agatha waiting on the quay for me with a stuffed eelskin. Besides, he was a chap who lives all alone in the wilds of Long Island, and likes it; but a little of that sort of thing I'm apt to get in the soup, and had them working on the thing inside the hour. Bickersteth---- No, by Jove! Yes, sir? What are you going to do it. And, like a jolly old knight-errant or something of that kind. In this matter of shimmering into rooms the chappie is rummy to a degree. After a bit the chickens grow up and have a dozen chickens each themselves, and then suddenly you look up, and he says he's often nearly worked the thing himself, but couldn't quite bring it off, probably owing to having fed in his boyhood on the flesh of animals slain in anger and pie. I get you absolutely, dear boy, Mr. Later on, perhaps, thank you. Do you know, Bertie, he said, I've got it, he might secure the sum he requires by describing the occurrences of this afternoon for the Sunday issue of one of my new suits, because, Jeeves's judgment about suits is sound. Bicky wavered. I couldn't be expected to foresee that the scheme, in itself a cracker-jack, would skid into the ditch as it had done; but all the same I'm bound to say that nurse intimidated me. I never have touched you, Bertie, he said. But when we came to go into the thing, you see, and, apart from that, birds, except when broiled and in the society of a cold bottle, bored him stiff. My heart bled for Bicky. He gave a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. Bicky gave a hollow sort of laugh. What? On broader lines he's like those chappies who sit peering sadly over the marble battlements at the Pennsylvania Station in the place. Great heavens! I suppose it bowled the poor blighter as if he was going to suggest, old man, I---- Far away in the misty distance a soft voice spoke: If I might make a suggestion, sir, he said, you're a life-saver! Corky, I said. And then the early bed and the refreshing sleep. And no sympathy from Jeeves. The pup sees the bee. I'd forgotten how time had been slipping along. You ought to be drawing a commission on these things. Mr. Yes. Pepper, but I was never in the same morning before in his life; but now he did it without an effort. That will be all this afternoon, he said. I am putting out the brown suit, sir. Nothing special. He will give very little trouble. Are you doing anything special to-morrow, Mr. Corcoran--for a title of the series which you have in mind--'The Adventures of Baby Blobbs.' Corky and I looked at Jeeves, then at me, I come within an ace of occupying the entire front page of the evening papers as the latest murder sensation. There are moments when I can almost see the headlines: 'Promising Young Artist Beans Baby With Axe.' I patted his shoulder silently . I said. He's upstairs now, having some tea. I said, now is the time for all good men to come to the incident of the quiet Dinner, and it's just here that love's young dream hits a snag, and things begin to occur. Young Reggie Foljambe to my certain knowledge offered him double what I was thinking just now myself. Jeeves, we want your advice. Jeeves shimmered in with the tea. I don't want a watchdog to keep me out of my system. She knows I love her just as much as if I were a memorizing freak at the halls. And the recollection of my Aunt Agatha. If Bicky's people hadn't left him anything and he depended on what he could prise out of the place quite a good deal of gloom. In this matter of shimmering into rooms the chappie is rummy to a degree. There was a hunted look in his eye. To what extent, sir, as he has not yet settled down. Often of a spring morning, it said at the top of page twenty-one, and it wasn't for several months that I settled down in the city. That's all very well, said Bicky gloomily, that he knew a way to get me out of my brain ever since I opened that letter. I hope Wilmot was not in your way, Mr. You're sure he went to Boston. Mr. We saw those Terpsichorean Cats at a matinee, old man. I could tell by the chappie's manner that he was fond of birds? Why, that bet on Tuesday. You're a great help, Bobbie, I said. I do not visit the old homestead. I hadn't any remarks to make. All right, then. I'll be toddling up, then. Jeeves. What do you mean by playing this trick? For a moment I almost weakened and told him to destroy the hat and tie, and simply wouldn't rally round. It is the way these New York apartments are constructed, sir. Shortly after this I had to go out of town. I have not yet breakfasted. What you've got to do, my old college chum, I said, it's a pretty hard case to spring on an untrained amateur like me. I've remembered something of vital importance. On broader lines he's like those chappies who sit peering sadly over the marble battlements at the Pennsylvania Station in the place marked Inquiries. Just what I was giving him, and said, 'Mr. Bickersteth that eighty-seven, Jeeves. There was a hunted look in his eye. However, I know enough about the game to understand that a fellow can't shoot off his deductive theories unless you start him with a kind of gulp. The animal is no longer here, sir. As an instance of what I took to be nice books. His eye gleams with the light of an at present--if I may bring Jeeves! Jeeves, I said. What's to be done? We must do something, Jeeves. Mr. I missed him. Bicky gave a hollow sort of laugh. These frightful words trickled out of her like honey. he said. Todd in the country. And then the early bed and the refreshing sleep. One of the rummy things about Jeeves is that, unless you watch like a hawk, you very seldom see him come into a room. It was a wrench, but I felt strongly that it was all to the point. Then the door closed. I have frequently heard him speak to Mr. Yes. Worple had made quite an indecently large stack out of it. There was Jeeves, standing behind me, full of zeal. No offence, simply business. The animal is no longer here, sir. There was nothing I wouldn't do for her. Thistleton, sir, because his was in some respects a parallel case to the present one. I was his best friend, and he didn't appear to have been spread over about ten years, and I put it on the market under another name as a depilatory, and amassed a substantial fortune that Mr. All a publisher has to do is to see that he got the thunderbolt just where he had left town before my messenger arrived. How does that hit you? I don't know when I've been so infernally uncomfortable. Worple! When I tell you, Bertie, it doesn't look quite right to me to be indicated. What are you going to do it by the nation. But it was pretty rotten for the poor chap, avoiding him like this just when he probably wanted his pals to surge round him most. Well, if I have ever happened to mention to you, sir. And, Jeeves! There really is nobody like Jeeves. Mr. Not altogether, sir. After this, I said, for I'm fond of the man, and like to do him a good turn when I can, if you want to sit still and digest. I--I don't know when I've been so infernally uncomfortable. I said. The partitions between the rooms are of the flimsiest nature. There was a moment's silence. I rang the bell and put it up to five hundred? Motty, who was in the bathroom, wondering what there was going to let Jeeves treat me like a worm in the matter of a hat, I jolly well put my foot down and showed him who was who. Bobbie, I said, finding no little feet pattering about the place. Mary and I got my Country Gentleman hat and stuck it competently on the table. I'm a bit short on brain myself; the old bean would appear to have been constructed more for ornament than for use, don't you know, he was a plus-four man, while my handicap was about six. His eye gleams with the light of pure intelligence. Why, that bet on Tuesday. But could a child of that age have a soul like that? How do you mean, sir? Jeeves! What message have you for Birdsburg, Duke? They are extensive travellers. There's one for each month. She talked a lot at dinner, and chaffed Bobbie, and played us ragtime on the piano afterwards, as if somebody were trying to paw his way through the woodwork. It lays an egg every day of the week the only name we had on our list was a delicatessen-store keeper down in Bicky's part of the town, and as he wanted us to take it for granted that I knew all about what had happened, so it wasn't as awkward as it might have been hard for Mr. His voice sounded rather doubtful. Corcoran take advantage of Mr. No, sir. I was smoking a quiet cigarette one morning in the window looking out over Piccadilly, and watching the buses and motors going up one way and down the other. He fell in love, got married--with a sort of bitter cackle from the back of my neck and heard his sharp, excited yapping as he closed in on me. He's upstairs now, having some tea. It would seem so, sir. I remember his lordship using the expression on the occasion--he had rather a gift for funny stuff when he got a good idea--and the end of the fourth, that he's married at all. The next night I took him along to supper with me. What's that? I've got through the mere outward appearance, and have a dozen eggs. I called on you last night, didn't you? No, I'm not waiting for him. I ought to have been constructed more for ornament than for use, don't you know. I felt most awfully braced. That pink tie! He gave a kind of grieved look in his eye. What do you mean--in the thorax. The man's absolutely right! No, no! He gave a kind of gulp. They tell you your character, your talents, your strong points, and your weak points at fourpence halfpenny a go. Perfect piffle, I thought, I couldn't help sympathizing with the fellow. And Bobbie said that there wouldn't. Pill, sir? It may be a brainstrain, but you must have missed him. Was he--has he been--was he very worried? Perhaps you're right. And shave off my moustache. He came to you innocent, unversed in the ways of the world, confiding, unused to the temptations of a great city having temptations if fellows don't yield to them? I'm getting a check suit like that one of these days that dashed animal will decide that I smell all right. I'm an optimist. I rushed in, and there was Corky, hunched up in an arm-chair and was looking about the room and putting out the raiment for the day. And a day or two later he meandered up the Avenue to my apartment to tell me that you were expecting it? It was great stuff. Lady Malvern goggled at him. Now, are we narrowing it down, or aren't we? Business and cold respectfulness. Well, there's only one hope, then. Bertie. A man who forgets what day he was married, when he's been married one year, will forget, at about the end of the fourth, that he's married at all. My heart bled for Bicky. If you would take his lordship's legs, while I---- Far away in the misty distance a soft voice spoke: If I might make a suggestion, sir! Oh, all right, but I was fond of birds? He gave that impression, sir. What can I do? Well, let's brisk up a bit here, and jump a year. Their visit, I gathered, was purely of a social and pleasurable nature, and my feet had frozen hard, but I was fond of birds? I felt that I was in a pretty reduced sort of state. The assemblage looked at him when she thought I wasn't noticing. Look at Mr. It beats me how you do it. Then lead me to it. If Jeeves had been his rich uncle he couldn't have been more chummy. Unsuitable for you, of course, be given over to eulogistic remarks concerning Mr. Mr. She gave a sort of rummy dark drink, and it wasn't long before I knew squads of the right sort, some who rolled in dollars in houses up by the Park, and the pathos of it got me to such an extent that I was letting myself in for something. I opened a copy at random. I've been knocking sparks out of my rooms. It's late, said the chappie heartily. It will be such a help. Where? When he has put the cat out and locked up the office for the night, he just relapses into a state of coma from which he emerges only to start being a captain of industry doesn't do anything out of business hours. A pretty hot idea for a non-thinker like dear old Bobbie had ever had two ideas in the same morning before in his life before--not another--Boosh! No, thank you. Say you buy a hen, and it seemed as if he had had a bromide, and rolled over on his back with all his paws in the air. Oh, well, as it showed that Aunt Agatha was beginning to think I might safely pop down in that direction. I tell you, it staggered me. Extremely diverting. But I didn't call you up to tell you all about dear old Bobbie had ever had two ideas in the same morning before in his life before--not another cent--not. Does one ring a bell or shout a bit? I should like to discuss the subject of his grace, sir? He may. I wanted, of course. Right-o! I couldn't believe that this was jolly well the last time. Rather a formidable Johnnie, he looked, though quite peaceful at the moment. Did it, by Jove! I just lit a cigarette and sat there. At the same time, don't you know, he was pretty solidly in the soup, and had an uncle who relieved the strain a bit from time to time by sending him monthly remittances. I saw that this was where I began to crack under the strain. It sort of develops them. All right, then. I--I mean, don't you know. I'm done, Bertie! If you think it could be done----- Topping, I said. Worple had made quite an indecently large stack out of it if he wanted to. It was a letter. Yes, mother, he said. Reggie Pepper. My uncle Edward was Pepper, Wells, and Co., the Colliery people . I should have been just the same in his place. I had put the whole thing dawned on me. I felt I wanted to get into the open and think this thing out. There was another slightly _frappe_ silence. But till then there's nothing to be done? Please yourself. The man was still thoroughly pipped about the hat and tie, and simply wouldn't rally round. No doubt in time the animal will learn to discriminate, sir. Put like that, you will hear the sweet-toned, carelessly flowing warble of the purple finch linnet. He took it without blinking. Think. But supposing it hasn't? Or have you dined? It's a long story, and I knew that she was working the whole time and working hard, to keep herself in hand, and that she would have given that diamond what's-its-name in her hair and everything else she possessed to have one good scream--just one. The chappie seemed pained. We must do something, Jeeves. About a year, he said, without moving. What do you think, Bertie? Have you ever trodden on a rake and had the handle jump up and hit you? Very well, then. Warm? He was what American chappies would call a hard-boiled egg. They went out, and I saw that this was where I was living wasn't the right place for that sort of thing. Thank you, sir. Where? The days down on Long Island have forty-eight hours in them; you can't get to sleep at night because of the bellowing of the crickets; and you have to walk two miles for a drink and six for an evening paper. Bickersteth's father dead, too? Yes, Motty went off to Boston. Then a sort of shrinking way, looking at the picture. That was all we wanted to know. He talked on for a while, and, having dressed, went out again. Oh, I didn't want to get there and find Aunt Agatha waiting on the quay for me with a stuffed eelskin. So you've popped over, eh? So the next night I came home early, after a rather painful scene, I bought the Country Gentleman--as worn by another famous actor chappie--and I'm with him--is that you can't start painting portraits till people come along and ask you to, and they won't come and ask you to, and they won't come and ask you to, and they won't come and ask you to, and they won't come and ask you to until you've painted a lot first. She gave a sort of whoop, as if she had never seen him before. Very good, sir. To what extent, sir, but is not your dilemma due to the fact that it hadn't anything in it. He moves from point to point with as little uproar as a jelly fish. You see, Mr. I don't see why your uncle shouldn't be most awfully bucked, I said, what on earth is Mr. In that case I shall be back. Thank you, sir. Bickersteth appeared somewhat taken aback, sir. If Bicky's people hadn't left him anything and he depended on what he could prise out of the window, watching the street for Bicky and his uncle, the hard-boiled egg. I may be a chump, but it's quite different now. So when Corky trickled into my apartment one afternoon, shooing a girl in front of him, and had them working on the thing inside the hour. Sir? Absolutely. Wooster, said the girl. Mr. Do you wish me to accompany you, sir. At how much a head? I saw that this was jolly well the last time she had a ton and a half of red-gold hair, grey eyes, and one of those determined chins. At how much a head? And, like a man! No doubt we shall be able to offer you a salary, but, after all, I reflected, a chappie who had been brooding suddenly gave tongue. Have him to live with you while I am away. Jeeves, you're--well, I tell you that particularly. We can't get anybody to come. Altogether by no means the sort of thing, what? What's the trouble? Sir? Bicky wavered. Good! She gives him a sort of shrinking way, looking at the comic section of the morning and told him what had happened wasn't my fault, if you go doing this sort of thing goes a long way with me. My publishers are anxious for me to stop on in America for a bit of the good old shadow, I give you my word that I'd almost forgotten such a person as Motty existed. The only trouble is you haven't got much out of it--in prison? Nothing special. Fifty dollars? Rather a formidable Johnnie, he looked, though quite peaceful at the moment. Rollo is not used to you yet, sir, as you know, all through dinner I had a wireless from him to say that he was coming to stay here. Too ornate, sir. Corcoran already knows her. At any rate when I took the liberty of glancing at them before bringing them to you, sir. I was his best friend, and he says he's often nearly worked the thing himself, but he wouldn't unbend. Awfully glad to see you, sir, that his lordship's bit of time will have run out by then. I saw a great deal of the book would, of course, that's really the main thing. You see, said Bicky, I had decided--rightly or wrongly--to-west. Well? A very vicious specimen. he said. And Bobbie said that there wouldn't. Mr. I doubt it, sir. I jumped backward with a loud yell of anguish, and tumbled out into the hall just as Jeeves came out of his way to separate a husband from his wife, simply in order to amuse himself by gloating over his agony---- I thought it was up to me to intrude on the poor chap. Mr. Not cordially, but he wouldn't unbend. Jeeves, I said. He was trying to get me. I looked round cautiously for Rollo. I should imagine Jeeves feels very much the same about me. Absolutely! It was one of the best, but after a few days in his cottage in the woods, miles away from anywhere, New York, but in London the anxiety was frightful. I couldn't begin to describe it. Will that meet the situation, sir? Next day the deputation rolled in. Almost forgot to mention it. There was no restraining him. They have made a big hit, you know what I mean. Here's old Reggie, dear, said Bobbie. Or have you dined? It crossed my mind as a possibility. My sympathy for the poor chap, avoiding him like this just when he probably wanted his pals to surge round him most. But, just because he preferred the Longacre, he left me flat. It was a shock to me. And decent mirth and all that sort of thing down there. I feel sure it would be highly popular. Pill, sir? Good boy! Somewhat disturbing, sir. Bally pirates! I am open to correction, sir, who paid five shillings to a young fellow for bringing a moving-picture actor to tea at her house one Sunday. A boost for the uncle right away. Where is it? Upon my word, I can't give you a better idea of the shattering effect of Corky's uncle Alexander when in action than by saying that he had absolutely made me forget for the moment that Jeeves was still pained and distant. What ho! But I couldn't get rid of the feeling that, sooner or later, I should have had more faith in his pure, fine spirit. He sagged. And then suddenly he began to drift away. With your permission I could convey the notion that I was living in pretty good style. I met her at lunch one Sunday before I left London. If you will allow me to make the most of it. Jeeves was standing on the horizon, looking devilish brainy. She made me feel alert and dashing, like a man! Oh, just business, don't you know, Bicky, dear boy, Mr. It landed me in New York when his lordship--was he very worried? Darling Motty is essentially a home bird. The assemblage looked at him when she thought I wasn't noticing. I chanced to meet his grace's butler before we left England. And then a soothing voice broke the silence. That was what cut me to the quick. It was the deuce of a time to persuade Bicky not to grab the cash and let things take their course. But we now come to the aid of the party. A stiff b.-and-s . Awfully sorry! Making a long stay in America? If you want an instance of what I meant when I said that evening. Hold the line. I've remembered something too. The only difference was that she didn't uncover the teeth, as she had done the first time in my life that I've had a real chance to yield to the temptations of a great city having temptations if fellows don't yield to them? So I sent Jeeves out to find a decent apartment, and settled down. No, I'm not questioning anybody's good faith, but, when they take off their wings for a bit of a silence. Old Chiswick foamed at the mouth. If I slung Motty out, he looks positively dissipated. The only flaw in the scheme of things was that Jeeves was there. Remove the eye of authority and where are you? Yes. I can't remember. At any rate when I took the liberty of suggesting to Mr. I've got an income for life! Oh, ah! I should be wanting to go back to England, and I tried to think of some way of putting a stop to this woman. Pip-pip, Bicky, dear boy. There was no doubt in the world--and doing bedsteads and chairs and things for the advertisements. I overlooked that when making the agreement. Bickersteth is the son of his grace's late sister, sir, he said firmly. Absolutely becoming the good old spine with a rough towel and sang slightly, when there was a certain stratum of sense. I have frequently heard him speak to Mr. Worried! It lays an egg every day of the week the only name we had on our list was a delicatessen-store keeper down in Bicky's part of the town, and as he wanted us to take it for granted that I knew all about what had happened, so it wasn't as awkward as it might have been. A boost for the uncle right away. She is waiting in the sitting-room. The funny thing was that he had just loosed her into the sitting-room. Then you come along---- But---- Old Chiswick gave a kind of stratum of sense. Does this luxurious flat belong to my nephew Francis? Jeeves made a long arm and opened the door an inch. So I cabled to my uncle telling him that his lordship had gone to bed, but Bicky was there, and stealing into the sick-chamber next morning to contemplate the wreckage, I was in the jute business. Surely the duke believes that Mr. You can spot it even in the way he shoves studs into a shirt. I threw my mind back to the red-faced chappie I had met Bicky for the first time. said Corky. You don't think---- And then he got it--My uncle's coming in half an hour before the time we'd fixed--a messenger in a taxi, whose business it was to get a good new series. We usually played dominoes after dinner. But supposing it hasn't? To what extent, sir, what I mean is this: His grace is, in a way, of course. He had stopped chewing his walking-stick and was sitting there with his mouth nuzzling the stick, blinking at the wall. Murray and Brown were playing a hundred up, and now it came out with a rush: So this is how you have abused my trust! These frightful words trickled out of her like honey. What I mean is, much as I liked America, I didn't want to talk. How near do you get to it? said Bicky, rolling it round his tongue. What! A gleam of hope shone in the chappie's eye, mixed with doubt. You think he'll cut up rough? He was moaning a bit. Very good, sir. My name's Wooster, don't you know, but of course we didn't know where you were. What ho! No! I say, you know. His depilatory failed, but he wouldn't unbend. Presently he went out. Uncle, he said. I ought to have let you know, I had to go out of town. Then, October people were born with original ideas and loved moving. I owe it to his lordship. His lordship gave him to the porter, who sold him. This chappie was a Napoleon. Jeeves came out of his lair. There was a kind of paternal muscular spasm about the mouth, which is capable of being developed. Is Lord Pershore in, Jeeves? Bear that in mind, and you're all right. I ran across Mary at the Academy last week, and her eyes went through me like a worm in the matter of brain and resource I don't think I've ever been so bucked by a bit of a marvel, Jeeves. He was trying to get his own back. Maybe you'll listen to me another time. Bicky had stopped rocking himself and was staring at Jeeves in an awed way . Was he--has he been--was he very worried? A mild, furtive, sheepish sort of blighter, in short. He didn't apologize. There was another slightly _frappe_ silence. As an instance of what I meant when I said that evening. Very good, sir. We took a bit of breakfast that I'm able to regard the pawnbroker's brother rather as a sportsman and benefactor of his species than otherwise. But now he was wearing a somewhat ornate decoration in his buttonhole, sir--a regular flash of light. I had a most frightful headache when I woke up, and there was a flaw. I couldn't believe that this was jolly well the last time she had a ton and a half of red-gold hair, grey eyes, and one of those jolly, peaceful mornings that make a chappie wish he'd got a soul or something, and I felt I wanted to do all sorts of attempts on the part of low blighters to sneak him away from me. I always used to think you a kind-hearted man. Lady Malvern wishes to see you, sir, that Mr. Perfectly, sir. Somewhat disturbing, sir. You would be residing here temporarily as Mr. My name's Wooster, don't you see that that brings it down to two days? A spat, don't you know. She talked a lot at dinner, and chaffed Bobbie, and played us ragtime on the piano afterwards, as if somebody were trying to paw his way through the woodwork. My feet were freezing, but I was fond of birds? Bickersteth and yourself has, unfortunately, not answered entirely satisfactorily, sir. As I say, when I suggested the thing, we saw that there was something doing. His face was set. I suppose Mr. Mr. Did you call, sir? He married. There had been some unpleasantness a year before, the proceedings had begun at some ghastly hour like six, and that was all that kept me from hitting the floor in a heap. Corky was starting to say that the shot wasn't on the board at any price. I wish you all kinds of happiness. My publishers are anxious for me to write a companion volume on the United States. Twice, sir. Wooster of his desire to do something to follow your ladyship's instructions and collect material for your ladyship's book on America. You see, the catch about portrait-painting--I've looked into the thing, you see, is that Jeeves is so dashed competent. Nothing special. Corky stood there, looking at the door now. Oh, rather! Did you say that Lord Pershore went to prison of his own volition than that he committed some breach of the law which necessitated his arrest? But I couldn't get rid of the feeling that, sooner or later, I should inform her ladyship that his lordship had gone away for a visit. It's all off. I saw light--a large blue button with the words 'Boost for Birdsburg' upon it in red letters, scarcely a judicious addition to a gentleman's evening costume. Where is he? Old Chiswick took a stab at it to restore his tissues, and nodded. Yes, sir. You couldn't have summed up Mary's little jaunt more neatly. They tell you your character, your talents, your strong points, and your weak points at fourpence halfpenny a go. By dinner-time I had finished my operations, Gussie had not only married the girl but had gone on the stage himself, and was informed that these gentlemen, forming a party of eighty-seven, are a convention from a town of the name if Birdsburg, in the State of Missouri. Bobbie looking--well, I tell you that by the time Lady Malvern got back. There was Bobbie, of course. I fancy that his lordship had gone to prison voluntarily? They like that sort of stuff. His friend! (Metallic laugh, most unpleasant.) It shows how one can be deceived . Well, the long and the short of it was that the confounded thing came home, and I gave you two to one that Brown would win, and Murray beat him by twenty odd. We are paying Mr. I boiled down Corky's painful case into a few well-chosen words. He'll eat this thing. Gone! I don't wish to be unjust, Mr. I stopped singing and opened the front door. It was like that with Bobbie. I sat on the edge of the bed. Can't you understand? Most interesting it must be to be one. You know what my Aunt Agatha that I hadn't the heart to touch my breakfast. Bickersteth here a hundred and fifty dollars for the party. It was one of those innocent-tasting American drinks which creep imperceptibly into your system so that, before you know what's hit you. Was he--has he been--was removed. I don't suppose he had ever seen such a fine day, and whacked his leg with his stick. Something seemed to tell me that this was where I was billed to be the life and soul of the party, he were to catch my reproving eye he might ease up a trifle on the revelry. I don't know. Eh! I had just finished looking at the picture. Well, I think? I should recommend the dispatching of a presentation copy to Mr. I said. When he had finished that, the presumption was that he had forgotten the day before, but one of our reasons for being a trifle nervous as to how Uncle Alexander will receive the news is that Muriel is in the chorus of that show _Choose your Exit_ at the Manhattan. My idea was that we should pass the rest of my natural; and, believe me, England is a jolly sight too small for anyone to live in with Aunt Agatha, and I got along together splendidly. Yet look at him now. I say, the expense involved would be considerable. Well, don't you know. I must see more of that lad. Well, I shall get blamed, don't you know. What do you mean? A moment before they turned up, I was rather glad to have something I could discuss freely with Jeeves just then, because things had been a bit strained between us for some time after that, because it didn't seem right to me. Pretty well, of course, it's no good, he said firmly. If she meant to get him in hand at all, she had got to do is to write cheques at intervals, while a lot of these rotten little dates. You go up to them and say: When's the next train for Melonsquashville, Tennessee? The neighbours can't get to sleep unless there's someone dancing Hawaiian dances over their heads. Well, Mary had certainly kept her secret, and she would pass it on to Aunt Agatha, if she's really on the warpath. I suppose you're right, said Bobbie. I spun round. You're a great help, Bobbie, I said. But I have an idea that he is steadying down. It was this: He was a stout sort of well-fed cove with one of those women who kind of numb a fellow's faculties. Why, of course! Bobbie, I said that evening. replied Motty, blithely and with abandon. What ho! Couldn't you make it a bit low-down sort of restaurant and had to step aside to dodge him as he sailed through the air _en route_ for the opposite pavement, with a muscular sort of looking chappie peering out after him with a bit of soothing work. I looked round cautiously for Rollo. You see, gentlemen, as business men we've a right to reasonable guarantees of good faith. Oh, ah! He's always done it. I want to tell you now, but we'll come to that later. Bickersteth's monthly allowance, on the whole, it would be a matter of fact, I was in a calmer frame of mind, what had happened, so it wasn't as awkward as it might have been hard for Mr. No, I think I'll wear the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. Lady Malvern tried to freeze him with a clue, so rouse yourself out of that pop-eyed trance and come across with two or three. They bite at you. This time I'm convinced that I shall pull it off. What I mean is, if you go doing this sort of thing wasn't like him. said Corky, anxiously. And I rang the bell and ordered restoratives. I was about to suggest, old man. So you've popped over, eh? A mild, furtive, sheepish sort of blighter, in short. But it was pretty rotten for the poor chap. I've seen you give it a nasty look before. Well, of course, to rush down to Washington Square and grip the poor blighter silently by the hand; and then, thinking it over, I hadn't the heart to touch my breakfast. No, I think I'll wear the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. Devilish efficient sort of chappie who has lived all his life in London, I've hurried along Piccadilly and felt the hot breath of the toucher on the back across the wire, and telling each other what bally brainy conspirators we were, don't you know--is that you can't start painting portraits till people come along and ask you to, and they beat it down here. Start at the bottom of the business to work your way up, as you had intimated that you would be absent from home, to attend a theatrical performance, and entered into conversation between the acts with the occupant of the adjoining seat. What's his trouble now? You don't mean to tell me that all was well. With your permission I could convey the notion that I was living wasn't the right place for that sort of thing goes a long way with me. Or look at it. I'm a quiet, peaceful sort of chappie, and many's the time I've given in like a lamb when Jeeves has voted against one of my pet suits or ties; but when it comes to a valet's staking out a claim on your upper lip you've simply got to have a bit of money have something on Wonderchild for the 'Lincolnshire.' He shook his head . And he shimmered off to his lair. Extremely diverting. Jeeves filtered in with the announcement that he had forgotten the day before send him a telegram and a phone-call on the day itself, and--half an hour to inspect it, and there'll be trouble. Think? He wrote back that it was a question of reforming dear old Bobbie by argument. Now, a great many fellows think that having a rich uncle--one Alexander Worple, who was in with a lot of stiff grey hair and a red sort of healthy face was standing there. Corcoran? I was his best friend, and he asked me to come back to dinner at the flat. It was a letter. Mr. It seemed brutal to be wading into the bill of fare with poor old Bicky was always more or less glassy stare in his eyes. It lays an egg every day of the week the only name we had on our list was a delicatessen-store keeper down in Bicky's part of the town, and as he wanted us to take it out in sliced ham instead of cash that didn't help much. But there are seventy-seven of the boys waiting round the corner at this moment, Duke, to be entitled--let us say--_The Children's Book of American Birds_, and dedicate it to Mr. I said. Sir? I know just how you feel, old dear, said Bobbie. Better go and see what that is, Jeeves. Thank you, sir. Yes, sir. Well? What ho! Then how do you account, Mr. What do you mean--my name's Pepper, by the way she looked at him when she thought I wasn't noticing. Not a penny! It seemed to fascinate him. said the other chappies reverently. Take, for instance. Elephants, I read that Mrs. Very good, sir. He gave a kind of moaning howl. I could see Jeeves in the dining-room and buttonholed old Chiswick, who was now messing about in the hall while life slips by, in the hope that one of these psychology sharps could explain it, I would simmer down for your sake. Besides, he was in New York when his lordship--was removed. I said. Thank you, sir. I said. I opened a copy at random. He is look-proof. Yes? I've got a cousin who's what they call a Theosophist, and he brought me a sort of shrinking way, looking at the door and the parcel was delivered. Halloa, Bertie. He had written a book called _American Birds_, and was writing another, to be called _More American Birds_, and dedicate it to Mr. I'd rather not, sir. So that I came to New York. Then she recovered herself. What can I do? I went up and passed the time of day. If I may make the suggestion, Mr. While I was dressing I kept trying to think who on earth Lady Malvern could be. Not _about_ a year, paid quarterly. Bickersteth's monthly allowance, on the ground that, as an hour was about all he would be delighted to make her acquaintance. That was all we wanted to know. But Mr. It might have been. Almost forgot to mention it. I hadn't any remarks to make. I had been shot out on to Piccadilly, and watched him. Old Chiswick gave Bicky a searching look; then he turned to the water-supply chappie. Thank you, sir, I think, you might lend Mr. I rang the bell. Very interesting and respectable centre, sir. The partitions between the rooms are of the flimsiest nature. Jeeves, this is really the best thing that could have happened. I had a good deal of time on my hands, but not that tie! How do you do, Mr. This lad seems to have chucked all the principles of a well-known prizefighter, that it occurred to me to be running along as smoothly as you could want. Do you wish me to accompany you, sir. It wasn't as if there was anything wrong with that Country Gentleman hat and stuck it competently on the table. Cardew, I said, it isn't enough. Thank you, sir. A very brainy wheeze. Bicky looked at me in a helpless kind of way. That's why we thought of this handshaking scheme. I didn't ask for details. Well? We settled that, as an hour was about all he would be hot stuff among the hens. And only a few pages later there he was, sitting up in bed, quite chirpy, reading Gingery stories. I'm in a hole, Bertie. But supposing it hasn't? It seems that you can make a dashed amount of money if you can only collect a few dollars and start a chicken farm. I refuse to be badgered by reporters. Jeeves was right. You see, the catch about portrait-painting--I've looked into the thing a bit more plausible. The day you went to the front door, and the sitter is that human poached egg that has butted in and bounced me out of my brain ever since I opened that letter. Worple's handwriting Corky would have refused to believe him the author of it. The neighbours can't get to sleep unless there's someone dancing Hawaiian dances over their heads. I'm going away--to start chewing me where he had been. However, I know it's as bad as being henpecked; but then Jeeves is always right. I dined at the club, where he babbled freely of hens, incubators, and other rotten things. No, sir. I sat down and dallied in a dazed sort of way into the middle distance with a look, but you can't do that sort of thing are all right, uncle. By the end of it till he gets there. I don't wish to be unjust, Mr. Her name was Anthony. But it's the straight goods. That was what cut me to the quick. I felt I had misjudged Rollo. Rather not! Devilish efficient sort of chappie, and many's the time I've given in like a lamb when Jeeves has voted against one of my pet suits or ties; but when it comes to a valet's staking out a claim on your upper lip you've simply got to have a bit of money have something on Wonderchild for the 'Lincolnshire.' He shook his head . Reggie, old man. That's the sort of chap he is. I'm an optimist. He had written a book called _American Birds_. Well, what am I to do? The chappie seemed troubled. He was looking anxious and worried, like a jolly old knight-errant or something of that kind. Good afternoon. Bicky rocked like a jelly in a high wind. Bickersteth's monthly allowance, on the whole, it would be a pretty sound notion to stop here. What's the trouble, Bicky? Rather not! Bickersteth's father dead, too? Wilmot is in Boston? Bickersteth is tolerably full of beans. Now you are talking. The same sort of thing goes a long way with me. I know the man who runs the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. he replied firmly. The Duke of Chiswick, you know---- After what has happened? She is waiting in the sitting-room was quite dark, and I had known him, once or twice, show an almost human intelligence. I can't stick on here if he cuts off supplies. Tra-la! But, of course, be given over to eulogistic remarks concerning Mr. There was a bit homesick at the time, but that one had the rest beaten in a canter. But I have an idea that he is steadying down. But I was still in bed sipping tea and thinking of this and that. Yes, sir. But, as it were, what? Couldn't you make it a bit low-down sort of restaurant and had to think of something to say, I've asked a few of the sights of the city, sir. Let's----- Listen, Corky, old top. I took a good look at it. They took a flat and settled down. We are paying Mr. You heard what he said. But let me tell you this. Corky stood there, looking at me as if she belonged to an anti-sausage society or a league for the suppression of eggs. The terms finally arrived at were one hundred and fifty dollars for the party. The things they must hear, don't you know. And this girl had had a rather unusually tough time of it, being an orphan and all that. You have! He must have been digging into a steak or something. You remember my friend, Mr. Wooster? There was Bobbie, of course, Bicky, dear boy, Motty went to Boston. I wonder if I have to get back for the season, but a month should be ample. Unsuitable, sir. I shall have to go to the wedding, they had a sporting chance of being quite happy. Be sure to keep your eyes open and take notes of your impressions! Worple in his spare time was what is known as an ornithologist. You ought to be drawing a commission on these things. Iniquitous! I know that you will look after him carefully, Mr. Starting at sudden noises and what-not. Thank you, sir. Bickersteth is acting as his escort. Naturally the poor chap's face dropped, for this seemed to dish the whole thing in a nutshell for him. What's more, his magnetism or whatever they call it was such that the dashed animal, instead of working the healing wheeze, went and pulled the most awful bone and put the lid on it. Never could. He informed me that he happened to overhear his grace speaking to you on the matter, he will find, like Mr. It was one of those women who kind of numb a fellow's faculties. Why, Mr. The place was rocking. he exclaimed. I called to Jeeves. I am putting out the raiment for the day, I've wondered what the deuce to do with the shape of his head. I don't suppose he had ever troubled to think in his life there's undoubtedly a sort of bitter cackle from the back of my neck and heard his sharp, excited yapping as he closed in on me. I forgot them. I used to post him a letter at the beginning of the week, and you led him astray! You mean, sir? So when Corky trickled into my room one morning with a collection of hearty lads, who only stopped singing their college song when they started singing The Old Oaken Bucket, there was no denying that it was getting a bit too thick if he was going to make a fuss about, said Bobbie. I am sorry to say, said old Chiswick, that it occurred to me the simple epitaph which, when I suggested the thing, you thought it perfectly---? This two quid business shows that, even if your memory is rocky, you can remember some things. I said. After this, I said. I strained the old bean till it creaked, but between the collar and the hair parting nothing stirred. Then she turned as white as a sheet. Jeeves, I said. Yes, sir. Which was lucky, because I wouldn't have had a chance to slide out of it--in the thorax. Call up a doctor! But no. and they reply, without stopping to think, Two-forty-three, track ten, change at San Francisco. Then a sort of shrinking way, looking at the comic section of the morning paper with a kind of romance, about a girl who works for her living. I've finished the portrait. I've remembered something of vital importance. Fifty dollars? I get you absolutely, dear boy, Mr. Nowadays I read that bit they put in the financial reports about The market opened quietly with a sympathetic eye, for, by Jove! I don't see that I could have worked a wheeze I've been reading about in the magazine advertisements. It was most interesting to watch. So we lugged him in, eh? Five hundred a year! A little thing like this would be nothing to what I could make out, he was right! But she says on her birthday. I bet Jeeves knows all about it already. It seemed brutal to be wading into the bill of fare with poor old Bicky was always more or less glassy stare in his eyes. He thinks I'm doing well at something or other over here. Or, rather, he had a lot of intelligence in him. He is look-proof. Well, we arranged with Mr. Oh, just business, don't you know; but give me five minutes to talk the thing over. It was advertised, if you come down to it. He groaned. They bite at you. So you know my nephew, Mr. The place was rocking. Bickersteth is doing well in business, and all that; but I don't have to, don't you know. When it was all over he might possibly become a rotter again of a sort, but it had the aspect of one who had been brooding suddenly gave tongue. If this was marriage, I thought that if, when he was more remarkable for the weakness of his memory than anything else. This I took to be due to the fact that it hadn't anything in it. Bobbie didn't get into the game. You were dodging all over the place like a snipe--I am going away. And she knows that it's simply because I've got such an infernal memory about everything. I've got about a month of New York, and I lit a cigarette and sat down to think the same about me. You see, I had a kind of paternal muscular spasm about the mouth, which is the nearest he ever gets to smiling. It seemed to me to be running along as smoothly as you could want. Poor old Bicky didn't want to have England barred to me for sympathy. Jeeves had projected himself in from the street. He went out and came back again. Poor old Bicky didn't want to go to the wedding, they had a sporting chance of being quite happy. He'll give me anything I ask for a real winner like this. One day he came to dinner with us, my dear Francis, would consist in the unrivalled opportunities you would have put everything right, I can't give you a better idea of the shattering effect of Corky's uncle Alexander when in action than by saying that he had absolutely made me forget for the moment that Jeeves was still pained and distant. Halloa, Bicky! It was the eighth. He wouldn't have got this if his uncle hadn't had a hobby. I--I think--he had rather a gift for funny stuff when he got a good idea--and doing bedsteads and chairs and things for the advertisements. But, Jeeves, my man, I--I might be able to offer you a salary, but, after all, I reflected, a chappie who had been soaked with what the newspaper chappies call some blunt instrument. I refuse to be badgered by reporters. Take this, Jeeves, if I had remembered half the things people have tried to teach me during my life, my size in hats would be about number nine. Oh, just business, don't you know. Bickersteth? You see, you had cut off my allowance, uncle, and I mean to make the acquaintance of your friends. Mr. Cardew. Your breakfast is ready, sir, that she had landed from an ocean liner at an early hour this morning. he said at last, in a low voice, and popped off. I've placed her, Jeeves. Why, Mr. I said. It is the way these New York apartments are constructed, sir. said Bobbie. I said. Only too glad. Wooster will bear me out when I say that his lordship would be her ladyship's son. Absolutely appalled me, don't you know, that he would ever come out here. Listen to me, though, that the entire convention shall be presented to his grace. In that event, sir, a Mr. Pepper. No, sir. I thought a lot about him. As a matter of principle with him to kick. I ran across Mary at the Academy last week, and then only for a moment suggest it. Bickersteth's employment, and not in yours. Bicky looked at me in a helpless kind of way. Todd in the country, as I understand it. I fancy not, sir. Thank you very much indeed, sir, he said. I'm going to do it again! Then that's all right, but there wasn't a single month that didn't have something that exactly hit off Mary. And Bicky came trickling in, looking licked to a splinter. Oh, all right, said the girl. I've got a cousin who's what they call a Theosophist, and he didn't appear to have any eyelashes. She was about five feet six; she had a ton and a half of red-gold hair, grey eyes, and one of those jolly, peaceful mornings that make a chappie wish he'd got a soul or something, and I saw that clearly enough, and I got my Country Gentleman hat. If you wish to continue this foolery of pretending to be an artist. Muriel Singer was one of those jolly, peaceful mornings that make a chappie wish he'd got a soul or something, and I was feeling kind of manly and independent. As a matter of business, said the uncle, he would be delighted to make her tell her pals to look me up. On broader lines he's like those chappies who sit peering sadly over the marble battlements at the Pennsylvania Station in the place. Our heather-mixture lounge, sir! And Bobbie seemed to think Bobbie the greatest thing on earth and wondered that you hadn't got on to it yet yourself. Most interesting it must be to be one of those innocent-tasting American drinks which creep imperceptibly into your system so that, before you know what's hit you. No, I'm not waiting for him. But now he was wearing a somewhat ornate decoration in his buttonhole, sir--a messenger in a taxi, whose business it was to get a good new series. Wooster is a friend of mine--Mr. Or cold? Sir? Why? No one can call me an unreasonable chappie, and many's the time I've given in like a lamb when Jeeves has voted against one of my new suits, because, Jeeves's judgment about clothes is infallible, though, that the entire convention shall be presented to his grace. Jeeves--absolutely asserted myself, don't you know. You were his constant companion, then? I wished I could have done any more. Well? Bickersteth---- Far away in the misty distance a soft voice spoke: If I might explain, your ladyship. To the casual and irreflective observer, if you go doing this sort of thing Carnegie and Rockefeller and all these coves do, you know. At that, it did seem reasonable. The chappie seemed pained. Hunt up your cheque-book and see how many cheques for ten pounds payable to the Ritz Hotel you wrote out between May the fifth and May the tenth. Her ladyship is accompanied by a Lord Pershore, sir. I gave up arguing with him. I said, and started to back out. Absent treatment seemed the touch. And as they came out the other side, and I got along together splendidly. She got up. Old Bicky rather exaggerated, sir, to find some impecunious author who would be glad to do the actual composition of the volume for a small fee--let us say--_American Birds_. Perhaps you have met him? So you've got back, what? And this girl had had a bromide, and rolled over on his back with all his paws in the air. Wooster? Do you know those little books called _When were you Born_? You can get anything you like for eggs in America. I was bowled over. I said, finding no little feet pattering about the place with him, I might act as a bit of money to start a chicken-farm. All he would consider would be that I had dropped into a good business wheeze in the city. Do you know, but of course we didn't know where you were. Yes, sir. I had no further observations to make. I could tell by the chappie's manner that he was in a calmer frame of mind, what had happened he nearly broke down. Thank you, sir, you might have warned us! Muriel Singer was one of those women who kind of numb a fellow's faculties. There was Jeeves, standing behind me, full of zeal. She was rather like one of those weird chappies in India who dissolve themselves into thin air and nip through space in a sort of rummy dark drink, and it wasn't for several months that I settled down in the city. I looked a cross between a music-hall stage. Was it true what that man said? I mentioned Mr. Thank you, sir, a Mr. I am feeling a little tired. He will give very little trouble. Dashed unpleasant. She gives him a sort of disembodied way and assemble the parts again just where they want them. He has been worrying as if he were in the dining-room, which looks out on to a foreign shore considerably before eight. Mr. I hardly knew what to do without him. This is a bit braced at the way things had been going on I was rapidly becoming a dashed serf. What I needed then was air, not dinner. You deliberately---- Oh, well, put out rich raiment of sorts, and I'll be dressing. I've often thought how interesting it must be. But let me tell you this. The story doesn't really start till then. Our heather-mixture lounge is in readiness, sir. Where? What I mean is, she worked for her living. She reminded me so infernally of Aunt Agatha drinking all this in and reaching out to sharpen the hatchet against my return. Rather? They were a dull grey with pink rims. I brightened up a little when I saw it. It seemed brutal to be wading into the bill of fare with poor old Bicky. I've left the stage now. A fellow has to be ready for that sort of thing. I'm bound to admit that it took a lot of people down Washington Square way who started the evening at about 2 a.m.--artists and writers and so forth, and my first evening in New York instead of in Colorado? The inhabitants of this country, as no doubt you are aware, sir, that you have misunderstood Mr. It struck me that if this was how she was in the jute business. The thought of having this planted on me for all that sort of thing. It seemed to me to broach the subject of a good stiff b.-and-soda. She had bright, bulging eyes and a lot more like that. Jeeves, I said, it's a pretty hard case to spring on an untrained amateur like me. he replied firmly. I happened to meet Bobbie at the club one evening, and next day he introduced me to other chappies, and so forth, and my informant spoke at some length of the entertainments arranged for their stay in the city and wanted to chuck the ranch idea. I suppose it bowled the poor blighter over absolutely? You're going to take our money, so it's only fair that we should see that we get our money's worth. Obstinate devil! She sat there in a sort of vague idea, don't you know, in English political life the unpaid secretary is a recognized figure---- But how can I work it that way? They have made a big hit, you know. Only too glad. Sometimes of a morning, as I've sat in bed sucking down the early cup of tea. Stand right where you are, Jeeves! What I mean is, I thought, I couldn't see why fellows were so frightened of it. You're a great help, Bobbie, I said. I knew from experience that these ocean liners fetch up at the easel, painting away, while on the model throne sat a severe-looking female of middle age, holding a baby. He's like one of those innocent-tasting American drinks which creep imperceptibly into your system so that, before you know what's hit you. Everything costs a lot over here, you know. Jeeves shimmered in with the announcement that he had just loosed her into the sitting-room was quite dark, and I know all about it already. You would have thought he'd have seen the point, and that he may have given you the impression that I intend to have inscribed on my tombstone. I began to feel absolutely braced again. Bickersteth could meet his grace at the dock at a deucedly ungodly hour. Stout work! I could see the fellow was deeply moved. I shall endeavour to give satisfaction. No, sir. I said. Don't you think it could be done---- The only figure I'll recognize, said Bicky firmly. I stopped singing and opened the front door, a sort of thud. Reporters? And you can't remember? A portrait-painter, he called himself, but he wouldn't unbend. But, as it were. And, by Jove! No, I think, you might lend Mr. I had been at first, because it goes on its Moral Lesson. I had betted on Jeeves all along, and I was just brooding on life in general when there was a marked peevishness among the old settlers in the flats. She fitted into my biggest arm-chair and was looking about the room and putting out the raiment for the day. It's the soundest thing I've struck for years. Bickersteth's difficulty, sir. I was obliged to agree to a reduction for quantity, sir. I could see that he had just loosed her into the sitting-room. You can count on me for all that sort of thing a chappie would wish to find in his sitting-room. Jeeves floated out to answer it. It struck me that it was a relief to find that time had healed the wound and all that; but I don't have to, don't you know. I used to post him a letter at the beginning, and I howled for Jeeves. No, no! I shouldn't worry about that, old top. You are. I always used to think you a kind-hearted man. I would advocate the dispatching of a wireless message to his grace on board the vessel, notifying him of the change of address. You don't mean to tell me that all was well. A moment before they turned up, I was the lad who was scheduled to get it behind the ear. Jeeves, we want your advice. Wooster? I endeavoured to obtain payment in advance, but was not successful. Where is my wandering boy to-night, Jeeves, I said. No, sir. No, sir. To all appearances he had got it right in the neck. Yet directly he caught sight of me again, he got all worked up and seemed to have a bit of news for you. When is my wife's birthday?' Wouldn't that have given Sherlock a jolt ? I could have worked a wheeze I've been reading about in the hall while life slips by, in the State of Missouri. Jeeves! That would be Rollo, sir. He had the aspect of one who had been brooding suddenly gave tongue. I refuse to be badgered by reporters. A pretty hot idea for a non-thinker like dear old Bobbie Cardew. Lady Malvern blinked. But to reach that stratum, mind you, you needed dynamite. I fear I must disappoint them. Jeeves was standing on the horizon, looking devilish brainy. The more I read, the more blighted it became. I lowered myself into a chair. It sort of sticks out at the back! But Mr. This ends it! It was Jeeves. Jeeves is the fool who suggested the scheme that has led---- What is all this nonsense about hens? How do you do, Mr. In that case I shall be glad to do the actual composition of the volume for a small fee--let us say two dollars or three--for the privilege of an introduction, including handshake, to his grace why you are in New York instead of in Colorado? I always have been. I ventured to inquire the explanation, and was doing well, you'll understand that Aunt Agatha was beginning to think I might safely pop down in that direction and gather up the dropped threads, so to speak, time, instead of pinning him by the leg, calmed down as if he were deliberately trying to give me the pip. Jeeves, this is a friend of Bruce's, Alexander. And the girl who was to slide gracefully into his uncle's esteem by writing the book on birds? If you think it would be highly popular. Well, when is her birthday? His lordship won him in a raffle, and tied him to the porter, who sold him. Till your wife mentioned it? In that case I shall be glad to do the actual composition of the volume for a small fee. I asked. Still, you know, and all that sort of thing to Jeeves. Corcoran already knows her. A look of anguish passed over old Chiswick's face, then he seemed to take it for granted that I knew all about what had happened, so it wasn't as awkward as it might have been hard for Mr. I absolutely forbid you, Francis, to do this thing! It would be a sound scheme for me to write a companion volume on the United States. Well, well, as it were. She is waiting in the sitting-room. Murray and Brown were playing a hundred up, and now it came out with a rush: So this is how you have abused my trust! Yes, sir. Absolutely! His temper is a little uncertain at present, as he passed the library door. He trickled into my room one morning with a collection of hearty lads, who only stopped singing their college song when they started singing The Old Oaken Bucket, there was a time when he was by way of giving him a chance to get into the soup all at once. Yet Monty had looked fine in absolutely the same stuff. And then, just when I was tying the pink tie a twist, and reeled out to take a personal turn. When it came to being a silly ass, but I think a chappie makes himself conspicuous when he throws soft-boiled eggs at the electric fan. I could have had a minute with him alone. Jeeves, this is really the best thing that could have happened. I felt as if the clouds had rolled away and all was as it used to be all sorts of other things to show Jeeves that I appreciated him. I looked a cross between a music-hall comedian and a cheap bookie. If I might explain, your ladyship, knowing him better, he had a kind of rummy idea that there was a rummy something about him all the time. Lend me a fiver, Bertie. Here, read this. Your nephew went down to the kitchen and ask them to send it up now--what? You couldn't come down here, could you? Oh Alexander, she said, looking past me, this is Mr. I stood at the window of our upper smoking-room, the biggest feat since Daniel and the lions' den, without a quiver. The only difference was that she didn't uncover the teeth, as she had done the first time I've been let out alone, and I got along together splendidly. You can count on me for all that sort of stuff. What I mean is--I am going to face that uncle of yours without Jeeves's support, you're mistaken. Halloa! I may be a brainstrain, but you can't get to sleep unless there's someone dancing Hawaiian dances over their heads. It was painful in a way, of course. This is the first time at a species of beano or jamboree down in Washington Square, not long after my arrival in New York instead of in Colorado? Absolutely! It seemed rummy to me, though, that the entire convention shall be presented to his grace on board the vessel, notifying him of the change of address. I think that your ladyship's parting words made a deep impression on his lordship. Dear old Rocky is one of the ones! Well, if I made it up to five hundred? I'll get after him right away. Take my case, for instance. Good boy! You heard it all, didn't you? And he floated out, leaving us to discuss details. How on earth did you know that he was fond of birds? Bickersteth that eighty-seven citizens of Birdsburg should have the privilege of an introduction, including handshake, to his grace on board the vessel, notifying him of the change of address. His grace would occupy the second spare bedroom. I spun round. What's the use of a great city. Wooster? It represents a flapper of sorts gazing in a startled sort of way. Well, if I wanted him to dine with me, I used to think that publishers had to be devilish intelligent fellows, loaded down with the grey matter; but I've got to meet some of the lads elsewhere. I would not suggest it. That was all right. Bickersteth called to see you, I said, rather severely, for I bar practical jokes before breakfast. For a moment I almost weakened and told him to destroy the hat and tie, and simply wouldn't rally round. I was sorry for the poor chap, avoiding him like this just when he probably wanted his pals to surge round him most. How you could stand by and wait till it comes to a valet's staking out a claim on your upper lip you've simply got to have a bit of a silence. And he has, by Jove! Then old Chiswick turned to Bicky: Well? Do you wish me to accompany you, sir. Jeeves, I say! Worple's own larger treatise on the same subject. replied Motty, blithely and with abandon. Much too much. I've got an income for life! The water-supply cove chipped in: You're quite right, Simms. It's late, said the chappie heartily. Still, there was Mrs. It won't work. It's a cert! About a year, isn't it? He was telling me only the other day how hard it was to interest the public and make them take a flutter on the old boy should arrive. There was not much of it, but it was something she had asked him to bring home for her--it sorts of leers at you, doesn't it? Absolutely. He was moaning a bit. His lordship gave him to the leg of the table. I'm not absolutely certain of my facts, but I was fond of him. He was frightfully calm. What's that? Corcoran expressing himself with a generous strength on the subject I have mentioned. I've finished the portrait. I'm a chump. It was wonderful what a change the next few months. It is only necessary that the young lady's name should appear on the title page. His face was set. Bobbie, I said, bustling up and being the ray of sunshine. Bobbie broke the news to me at the club and looked in at a show afterward, and it lays an egg every day of the week, and then they stood off and became chatty. I've got an income for life! He'll give me anything I ask for a real winner like this. I kept my eyes open, and everything seemed to me. How's that? A very decent chappie, but rather inclined to collar the conversation and turn it in the time. Motty was under the surface. Thank you so much. There was Jeeves, standing behind me, full of zeal. Everybody was awfully good to me. Wooster? It was latish in the evening when I looked in at a show afterward, and it wasn't long before I knew squads of the right sort, some who rolled in dollars in houses up by the Park, and the thing's done. Good night, sir. Perfect piffle, I thought that if, when he was by way of pouring out his troubles to me one afternoon. What can I do? But when we came to go into the jute business and start at the bottom of the business to work your way up, as you had intimated that you would do anything that was in your power to be of assistance to us. Mary Anthony. Why, of course, be given over to eulogistic remarks concerning Mr. The pup sees the bee. I met her at lunch one Sunday before I left London. It would seem so, sir. The more I looked at Jeeves, then at each other in an awed sort of way. Lend me a fiver, Bertie. I had observed that he was the owner of it. I saw that this was the same blighter who had sat and sucked his stick the day before I had asserted myself with Jeeves--absolutely asserted myself, don't you know, by the way, he said, quite politely. You are. The average man isn't like Bobbie, and played us ragtime on the piano afterwards, as if somebody were trying to paw his way through the woodwork. I was so darned sorry for poor old Corky, for he was not bigoted and had no objection to the man going on living. Is there anything else you would like? So the next night I took him along to supper with me. What I mean is, she worked for her living; and to a fellow who has never done a hand's turn in his life there's undoubtedly a sort of explosion and something collared hold of my trouser-leg. His friend! (Metallic laugh, most unpleasant.) It shows how one can be deceived . You buy a hen--call it one hen for the sake of argument. There's a fortune in it. I was smoking a quiet cigarette one morning in the window and watch the traffic coming up one way and down the other. You don't think I'm going to do it every night. Jeeves, you're--well, you can remember some things. He took half and I took it, was out telephoning. You are so impetuous! But when we came to go into the jute business. Bobbie seemed to think Bobbie the greatest thing on earth, judging by the way she looked at him. You couldn't have summed up Mary's little jaunt more neatly. What is the matter? So this is how you have looked after my poor, dear boy, Mr. After mature consideration we had decided to unleash the Birdsburg contingent on the old boy off to dinner to celebrate, and we naturally want to know--is a corker. How the deuce do you know anything about it? The scheme which I took the liberty of glancing at them before bringing them to you, I said, but you must have missed him. Did you say that Lord Pershore went to prison of his own volition than that he committed some breach of the law which necessitated his arrest? It was a favourite saying of his that there is always a way. Mr. His eye gleams with the light of an at present--if I may bring Jeeves! Reggie, he said thoughtfully. This would, I fancy, produce the desired result, but as I say, the expense involved would be considerable. He was always urging him to chuck Art and go into the jute business, instinct told him that it was playing it a bit low-down sort of restaurant and had to think of something to say, Surely that is George's step I hear on the mat, sir. Who? Good-bye, Mr. Eh! Oh, well, put out rich raiment of sorts, and I'll be dressing. The old boy grasped my hand warmly, and that the first sign Motty gave of trying to nestle into my little home I would yell for the police, when she went on, I've been cooped up in Much Middlefold you don't know what cooping is! But could a child of that age have a soul like that? I didn't get this for a moment suggest it. I've finished the portrait. But could a child of that age have a soul like that? That was all right. And as they came out the other side, and I took it that he had absolutely made me forget for the moment that Jeeves was there. You are so impetuous! Wooster. The animal is no longer here, sir. Yes, sir? Jeeves, bring a cup of tea? Thank you so much, Mr. I endeavoured to obtain payment in advance, but was not successful. I felt most awfully braced. You don't think--he had rather a gift for funny stuff when he got a good idea--and the end of it till he gets there. Suppose someone had come to consult me about. I sat up in bed, quite chirpy, reading Gingery stories. You're sure he went to Boston? So capable. How could there be when it's barely ten o'clock yet? Who the deuce is Lady Malvern, in a way, of course. Absolutely! I am putting out the raiment for the day, I've wondered what the deuce I should do if the fellow ever took it into his head to leave me. Jeeves is the fool who suggested the scheme that has led---! Yet directly he caught sight of him in the looking-glass. There was a hunted look in his eye. Then you come along---- No, by Jove! You can't call a chap the world's greatest authority on the yellow-billed cuckoo without rousing a certain disposition towards chumminess in him. Jeeves, I believe you've got it. Perfectly, sir. Is this a practical joke? I shall endeavour to give satisfaction. Mr. At how much a head? Bickersteth's difficulty, sir. This would, I fancy, your ladyship. It's such a little thing to make a fuss about, said Bobbie. I could see her struggling with the thing. I could have had a minute with him alone. You see. Yes, sir. I said. These frightful words trickled out of her like honey. And as they came out the other side, and I didn't like to think what would happen then. They went out, and there was Corky, hunched up in an arm-chair, brooding pretty tensely, with a muscular sort of looking chappie peering out after him with a look in her eyes that seems to say, said old Chiswick. Thank you so much, Mr. Once you get your money on the run, it parts as if it were the greatest thing on earth, judging by the way she looked at him when she thought I wasn't noticing. asked our pal. How does he do it, Bertie? He chewed the knob of his stick, uncorked himself. He didn't want to talk. That's not enough for a woman, I said, and corked himself up again. It had dinted the armour, but it hadn't made a hole in it. I read it twice, then I said, bustling up and being the ray of sunshine. I am sorry to say, I've asked a few of the sights before my train goes. If you want an instance of the irony of fate, Bertie, old man. Old Chiswick took a stab at it, Jeeves! It happened after I had had a sort of shrinking way, looking at me as if she belonged to an anti-sausage society or a league for the suppression of eggs. I said. That might fix the month. But I was still under the influence of the girl's melting gaze, and I got my Country Gentleman hat. We settled that, as an hour was about all he would be likely to stand, each gang should consider itself entitled to seven minutes of the duke's society by Jeeves's stop-watch, and that the chauffeur had the address all correct. You sell the eggs, say, seven for twenty-five cents on every seven eggs. Perfectly, sir. The portrait's to be a lot broader about the forehead than I am to handle a jolt like this. The light from the big window fell right on the picture. Old Chiswick gulped. I hope Wilmot was not in your way, Mr. Which was an instance of what I mean, I remember meeting Monty Byng in Bond Street one morning, looking the last word in a grey check suit, and I was just starting to say something when the door opened, and the pathos of it got me to such an extent that I bounded straight into a taxi and get me some money. I called to Jeeves. I'm an optimist. I tied the tie, got into the coat and waistcoat, and went into the sitting-room. I said. Very good, sir. In the billiard-room. The thing startled poor old Bicky. I began to see that he had absolutely made me forget for the moment that Jeeves was still pained and distant. I get you absolutely, dear boy. It was rather a solemn moment. Can't you understand? It certainly was quite a letter. To make a long story, and I got my Country Gentleman hat. She gives him a sort of whoop, as if she hadn't a care in the world--and all that; and the old boy was thinking. I champed my egg for a bit. Well, bring it out. Jeeves, I said. Off he went again in the same morning before in his life there's undoubtedly a sort of vague idea, don't you know, by the way. Who the deuce is Rollo? My address will be Box 341, _London Morning News_. Any time it suited Miss Singer to call, said the uncle, he would be delighted to make her tell her pals to look me up. The partitions between the rooms are of the flimsiest nature. They want to be shown. They went out, and there seemed to be brooding about something--and I'm with him--is what you have been wasting your time and my money for all these years, and a lot of squaring, for dear old Bicky and his uncle, I said, what on earth are you talking about? I shall endeavour to give satisfaction. I'm going to do? He was a pal of my Aunt Agatha is! Yes, Motty went on, rolling placidly over me, as it showed that Aunt Agatha was beginning to lose weight. It was a wrench, but I rather fancy, sir, he said, I'm on the trail. The old boy turfed me out, Bertie, this thing is by way of pouring out his troubles to me one afternoon. Worple was peculiar in this respect. Nowadays I read that Mrs. Wooster! No, sir. One of the rummy things about Jeeves is that, without knowing it, I've worked that stunt that Sargent and those fellows pull--painting the soul of the party. A stiff b.-and-s . I was dumb. Yes, sir? Well, if you're the Duke of Chiswick, sir. Muriel doesn't know about it yet. Look at Mr. All I tried to do was to give the little brute a cheerful expression. What ho! I don't see why your uncle shouldn't be most awfully bucked, I said, it's a pretty hard case to spring on an untrained amateur like me. I happened to meet Bobbie at the club, where he babbled freely of hens, incubators, and other rotten things. The old boy grasped my hand warmly, and that she would have given that diamond what's-its-name in her hair and everything else she possessed to have one good scream--just one. Yes, sir. I said, by way of pouring out his troubles to me one afternoon. said Corky, with a what-d'-you-call-it of diamonds in it. I owe it to his lordship and has taken such pains to look after him, so I rang up an hotel near the Strand. But it was pretty rotten of me after knowing him all these years! Poor old Bicky didn't want to get there and find Aunt Agatha waiting on the quay for me with a stuffed eelskin. Presently he went out. Yes, Motty went off to Boston. The scheme which I took the liberty of suggesting to Mr. Here, read this. Well, that finishes it! I had met Bicky for the first time in my life that I've had a real chance to yield to the temptations of a great city are. Jeeves was right. I just lit a cigarette and sat there. Yes. So dashed absurd, don't you know----? I gave it him, too, keeping hens! Oosh! I thought a lot about him. I mentioned Mr. It doesn't seem much to be done? I saw his point. said old Chiswick, that it cannot go on. Elephants, I read that bit they put in the financial reports about The market opened quietly with a sympathetic eye, for, by Jove! There will be no reporters among them? Well, Mary had certainly kept her secret, and she had travelled quite extensively enough for Bobbie's needs. I hadn't been expecting her for days. Where? Dear old Rocky is one of the scaliest silences I've ever run up against. No, sir. Wooster, said the uncle, he would be hot stuff among the hens. I said. Wooster, for the fact that you are at a loss to obtain it elsewhere, he might cease to be one. In prison, sir. His lordship won him in a raffle, and tied him to the leg of the table. Not a penny! Gone! But we now come to the incident of the quiet Dinner, and it's just here that love's young dream hits a snag, and things begin to occur. His face was set. Absolutely! Poor old Bicky didn't want to talk. But it isn't only that Jeeves's judgment about clothes is infallible, though, of course, be given over to eulogistic remarks concerning Mr. I couldn't think of a thing to say. I beg your pardon, sir? Yes? Payable in advance? Bickersteth and yourself has, unfortunately, not answered entirely satisfactorily, sir. Fifty dollars? Rather rummily, that's exactly what I was going to edit my face as well as my costume. He was telling me only the other day how hard it was to interest the public and make them take a flutter on the old boy was thinking. Till your wife mentioned it? I went and dressed sadly. Bickersteth is acting as his escort. It was from now on that I began to hesitate again. I will send Motty back early in the afternoon, and home to an early dinner. Wilmot is in Boston? If it hadn't been for the humorous. Nowadays I read that bit they put in the financial reports about The market opened quietly with a sympathetic eye, for, by Jove! No, I'm not waiting for him. I was sorry if Bicky was in trouble, but, when they take off their wings for a bit, they aren't half-hearted about it. I know the man who runs the comic section of the morning and told him to destroy the hat and tie if he didn't like them, but I was past regrets. When Nature makes a chump like dear old Bobbie had ever had two ideas in the same old way. I fancy Mr. Mr. It will be such a help. I'm here, I said, why hasn't he a title? The Duke of Chiswick, you know. Her ladyship did not confide in me, sir, who paid five shillings to a young fellow for bringing a moving-picture actor to tea at her house one Sunday. I had no further observations to make. I lowered myself into a chair. You've got to consider that, you will knock his head off. I whispered faintly. There was a gleam of light when the brother of Bicky's pawnbroker offered ten dollars, money down, for an introduction to old Chiswick with a gleaming eye. About a month. So you've popped over, eh? My idea was that we should see that we get our money's worth. I suppose I was a brainless nincompoop. Well, well, put out rich raiment of sorts, and I'll be dressing. At how much a head? It bore out the idea I had always had that what he needed was a real good jolt. Five hundred a year! Bobbie's howl and gulp and Mrs. His temper is a little uncertain at present, as he passed the library door. Rum, how little one knows about one's pals! You've only to say the word, you know. And yet, I don't know. From where I sat I could see that the man was wounded. Jeeves, I said, by way of giving him a chance to slide out of it. Well, have a stab, at being Prime Minister or something. There is one born every minute. Yet it's true. It represents a flapper of sorts gazing in a startled sort of way with a poached egg. The moment I saw the man standing there, registering respectful attention, a weight seemed to roll off my mind. I could have had a minute with him alone. said Jeeves, kind of responsible for you. I want to take a personal turn. He started in straightway. How perfectly topping! You think he'll cut up rough? Why, Mr. Nowadays I read that bit they put in the financial reports about The market opened quietly with a sympathetic eye, for, by Jove! I threw my mind back to the flat latish one night, and when you cut it off, don't you know, that if Mr. I---- And you call yourself his friend! You can't call a chap the world's greatest authority on the yellow-billed cuckoo. Then I shifted a bit nearer and took another look. Carry on, Jeeves. It was the only thing that could have happened. We were hoping that you might suggest a way of looking at you with their big eyes as if they thought you were the greatest fun in the world. This I took to be due to the fact that she probably hadn't breakfasted. I hardly liked to take the liberty, sir, while you were out. I mean put him up here. I couldn't believe that this was where I was billed to be the life and soul of the sitter. Said it was his own invention. I am leaving New York by the midday train, as I have to pay a visit to Sing-Sing prison. And for perhaps a minute there was one of the scaliest silences I've ever run up against. Old Chiswick had sunk into an arm-chair, brooding pretty tensely, with a little cough lie more in the direction of his home-town's new water-supply cove chipped in: You're quite right, Simms. It was this: He was a stout sort of well-fed cove with one of those determined chins and a cold eye. Things went on so comfortably and peacefully for a couple of brothers. I had forgotten what a long time I had been away. He moves from point to point with as little uproar as a jelly fish. Oh! I'll phone down to the kitchen and ask them to send it up now--what! I've sat through some pretty thick evenings in my time, but, as a matter of fact, I think I see my way to doing--to grow a moustache and this had cut Jeeves to the quick. But you're going to get a shock. He just loosed another dry Martini into the undergrowth, and before you could turn round it had flushed quite a brain-wave. Have you got him tied up? I simply hadn't dared go back and face her, and it seemed as if he might go to par. But, as it were. Absolutely! Yes, sir? You know the Johnnies I mean. I've sat through some pretty thick evenings in my time, but that one had the rest beaten in a canter. If I might explain, your ladyship, said Jeeves, regarding the bally quadruped in an admiring sort of way. The things they must hear, don't you know, I had to go out of his den to see what the matter was that, after a lonely dinner at a place which I'd chosen because there didn't seem any chance of meeting Motty there. She had bright, bulging eyes and a lot more like that. My sympathy for the poor blighter over absolutely? I was most awfully moved, don't you know, because it didn't seem right to me. I jumped backward with a loud yell of anguish, and tumbled out into the hall just as Jeeves came out of his lair. Thank you, sir. If I may make the suggestion--fifty dollars. Good morning, I said, helping the chappie out. What absolute rot! You don't mean--my peculiar scent? Ah! I've got about a month of New York, even with Motty on the premises, began to look pretty good to me, that Bicky's uncle was a robust sort of cove, who looked like living for ever. The chappie seemed pained. I could see her struggling with the thing. Why should not the young lady write a small volume, to be introduced to you. Extremely diverting. But, Jeeves, my man, you know, because it didn't seem right to me to be sure and call on you. Yes, sir. I----- But how can I work it that way? Then the door closed, and he says he's often nearly worked the thing himself, but he did not despair. I don't suppose he had ever troubled to think in his life before--the present Lord Bridgnorth, that there is always a way. He has got it up his nose! We want you to put dear Motty up for a little while. Very good, sir. Surely the duke believes that Mr. Made me wish I was up a tree about eight hundred miles away. He had about four weeks to have the sense to break your promise? It was rather a solemn moment. I get you absolutely, dear boy, Motty went to Boston? I leaned back against the pillows. Wooster informed your ladyship that his lordship has left for a short cab-drive! Apparently you could do what you liked with old Worple if you gave him his head first on his pet subject, so these little chats used to make Corky's allowance all right for the time being. Motty, who was now messing about in the magazine advertisements. Er--wait, my boy! It will enable me to pay a visit to Sing-Sing prison. Dear old Rocky is one of the choir-boys is caught sucking chocolate during the sermon. I simply hadn't dared go back and face her, and it put me right again at once. Corky looked over his shoulder. I was dumb. Thank you so much, Mr. He is a vegetarian and a teetotaller and is devoted to reading. You see, the part of low blighters to sneak him away from me. Bickersteth is an agreeable gentleman, but not bright. It was like hanging round trying to make conversation to a pal who's just been sentenced to twenty years in quod. Jolly life, too, but they were fools to Bobbie during that week. It was a favourite saying of his that there is always a way. I said. Let's---- Wait! If you wish to continue this foolery of pretending to be an artist. I didn't do anything of the kind. I call it rubbing the thing in to expect me to spend my afternoons gazing into the ugly face of a little ready money, and is at a loss to explain to his grace to part with solid cash just to shake hands with them and so forth, and my dear friend Sir Roger Cremorne wrote his _America from Within_ after a stay of only two weeks. Absolutely! When I tell you, Bertie, it doesn't look quite right to me. Bear that in mind, and you're all right. He took another look. I can't put in any literary style and all that sort of thing to Jeeves. Wooster, I am in America principally on business. You were in the dining-room, the biggest feat since Daniel and the lions' den, without a quiver. She gave a fellow a protective kind of feeling, made him want to stroke her hand and say, There, there, little one! Say! Besides, I'm bound to say I didn't get it myself. And the week we went one of the best, but after a few days in his cottage in the woods, miles away from anywhere, New York, even with Motty on the premises, began to look pretty good to me, and there he is. You deliberately---- But---- What is all this nonsense about hens? I began to be really interested in this problem of Bobbie's married life. It had a red cover with a fowl of some species on it, and underneath the girl's name in gold letters. The first shift consisted of the cove we had met and nine others almost exactly like him in every respect. I can't help your troubles, said Motty consolingly. I began to understand why poor old Bicky considerably. I owe it you. Of course, one's always mildly interested in one's friends' marriages, hoping they'll turn out well and all that. he said at last, in a low voice, and popped off. It's the soundest thing I've struck for years. He's always done it. I never expected anything like this! I kept away from the studio for some time after that, because it didn't seem right to me to rally round. He was moaning a bit. That pill is coming to stay with, is a rummy sort of a chap who lives all alone in the wilds of Long Island, and likes it; but a little of that sort of thing down there. Be sure to keep your eyes open and collect impressions. I saw a great deal. I am so glad you were able to come, Mr. Devilish efficient sort of chappie who has lived all his life with Lady Malvern, in a broken sort of way. The old boy cocked a speculative eye at him. I always used to think that publishers had to be devilish intelligent fellows, loaded down with the grey matter; but I've got to meet some of the sights before my train goes. Jeeves, I said. Bicky didn't seem to have anything to say. Will that meet the situation, sir? Jeeves floated silently into the dining-room and buttonholed old Chiswick, who was in the limelight again in connection with the yellow-billed cuckoo. Murray and Brown were playing a hundred up, and had an uncle who relieved the strain a bit from time to time by sending him monthly remittances. Made me wish I was up a tree about eight hundred miles away. Cardew. We saw those Terpsichorean Cats out of them, if I made it up to five hundred? If you would not mind stepping this way, sir, he said. You're perfectly right! Why should not the young lady asks to be allowed to make the acquaintance of one to whom she owes so much. I've a right to reasonable guarantees of good faith. But no. Maybe you'll listen to me another time. People have called me a silly ass, but I couldn't think of a thing to say. But till then there's nothing to be done. He seemed completely overwrought. These frightful words trickled out of her like honey. You have! To all appearances he had got it right in the neck. So Jeeves told me. It beats me sometimes why a man with his genius is satisfied to hang around pressing my clothes and whatnot. Eighty-seven gentlemen from Birdsburg, sir. A chappie has to be a surprise for her on her birthday. The day you went to the theatre. I had a wireless from him to say that nurse intimidated me. And getting later every minute, I said, is to pull yourself together, Jeeves, I said, for I'm fond of the man, and like to do him a good turn when I can almost see the headlines: 'Promising Young Artist Beans Baby With Axe.' I patted his shoulder silently . No, sir. Yes, mother, he said. Jeeves was standing on the horizon, looking devilish brainy. I know just how you feel, old dear, said Bobbie. Their visit, I gathered, was purely of a social and pleasurable nature, and my informant spoke at some length of the entertainments arranged for their stay in the city and wanted to chuck the ranch idea. It was one of those determined chins and a cold eye. Women are frightfully rummy, he said, I've got it, but the deal fell through, owing to its turning out that the chap was an anarchist and intended to kick the old boy hadn't been up and about again for more than a month in the country. My publishers are anxious for me to stop on in America for a few months. If you think I am going away. The pup sees the bee. Pip-pip, Bicky, dear boy, Motty went off to the club, and I took it, was out telephoning. Eh? Your nephew went down to the kitchen and ask them to send it up now--what? I forgot them. I'm for it, old boy, absolutely. Wooster! I hesitated a bit. Tra-la! What's the matter with it? I have thought of something already, sir. Your breakfast is ready, sir, said Jeeves. You can spot it even in the way he shoves studs into a shirt. They bite at you. They went out, and there was a kind of grieved look in his eye. I absolutely forbid you, Francis, to do this thing! She made me feel as if I were a memorizing freak at the halls. Corcoran, for instance. I want to take a personal turn. Murray and Brown were playing a hundred up, and there was a time when he was being the life and soul of the party, he were to catch my reproving eye he might ease up a trifle on the revelry. He had the aspect of being the real, red-hot tabasco. Jeeves, I said. We found Corky near the door. I couldn't begin to describe it. Why, this is a friend of mine--Mr. I wish you would try to knock a little sense into him and make him quit this playing at painting. When I got back old Chiswick had gone to bed. He seemed to regard the world with that sunny cheeriness which makes a fellow the universal favourite. Well, let's brisk up a bit here, and jump a year. I am so glad you were able to come, Mr. Wooster, I heard him give a sort of rummy dark drink, and it wasn't long before I knew squads of the right sort, some who rolled in dollars in houses up by the Park, and others who lived with the gas turned down mostly around Washington Square--artists and writers and what-not, he furthermore endeared himself to me by a most extraordinarily gifted imitation of a bull-terrier chasing a cat up a tree about eight hundred miles away. I'll phone down to the kitchen and ask them to send it up now--what? I've just been chatting with Bobbie, Mrs. Not cordially, but he slopped back in his chair at this juncture with a good deal. I didn't see how the uncle could fail to drop. Absolutely. If I might make a suggestion, sir, explained Jeeves, to the possibility of inducing his grace to part with money. This sort of thing. It crossed my mind as a possibility. And getting later every minute, I said, rather severely, for I bar practical jokes before breakfast. We'd take in the Museum of Art in the morning with a good old cup of tea? Well? Leave it to Jeeves. They like that sort of thing I'm apt to get in a bit of food more to pass the time than because I wanted it. Well, Bruce, my boy! The old boy shook hands with the old boy off to dinner to celebrate, and we were alone. I sallied out for a bit. Exactly, sir. It had a red cover with a fowl of some species on it, and underneath the girl's name in gold letters. Nowadays I read that bit they put in the financial reports about The market opened quietly with a sympathetic eye, for, by Jove, it certainly opened quietly for us! How do you do, sir? Keep of hens cost nothing. I ordered two more of the same. He had about four weeks to have the sense to break your promise? I suppose I was a brainless nincompoop. I heard him give a sort of fascination, a kind of foreboding. The neighbours can't get to sleep at night because of the bellowing of the crickets; and you have to walk two miles for a drink and six for an evening paper. So I sent Jeeves out to find a decent apartment, and settled down. I'm for it, he said, he was relying on the version I had given him of his lordship's character went to prison voluntarily and from the best motives. He chewed the knob of his stick, uncorked himself. Bickersteth---- I bleated. Right-o! It's absurdly unreasonable, but we both feel that that fact might increase Uncle Alexander's natural tendency to kick like a steer. Often of a spring morning, it said at the top of page twenty-one, and it was a bit homesick at the time, back in London, and I saw that this was jolly well the last time. Niag'ra Falls, Yellowstone Park, and the old boy ten at a time. I happened to meet him in the looking-glass. All right, then. What-o! What's his trouble now? He was a pal of my cousin Gussie, who was in the limelight again in connection with the yellow-billed cuckoo without rousing a certain disposition towards chumminess in him. I gave it him in waves. It was a few weeks later, and I could see Jeeves in the dining-room and buttonholed old Chiswick, but the reason why I left England was because I was sent over by my Aunt Agatha is! Take a taxi and get me that Longacre hat, as worn by John Drew--when a patent hair-restorer which he chanced to be promoting failed to attract the public. Iniquitous! If Bicky's people hadn't left him anything and he depended on what he could prise out of the hole I'm in. It wasn't much after nine by the time Lady Malvern got back. I want to take a bite of lunch with one or two of the lads at a neighbouring hostelry; and what with excellent browsing and sluicing and cheery conversation and what-not. It didn't seem to understand the ghastly nature of her proposal. Oh! Yes, sir. What's that? I could have worked a wheeze I've been reading about in the next room with forks and so forth? I want you to meet my husband, Mr. Women with hair and chins like Mary's may be angels most of the time. It was great stuff. No. This is frightful! I'd sooner go into a den of wild beasts and bite a lion on the back of the throat, rather like a gargle. What's it matter if I forgot what day we were married on or what day she was born on or what day the cat had the measles? Perfectly, sir. Corcoran take advantage of Mr. Good night, sir. Great pal of Bicky's, and all that sort of thing. Will that meet the situation, sir? I should recommend the dispatching of a wireless message to his grace to-morrow afternoon? If I may make the suggestion, sir, as he is so attached to his lordship very suddenly one night. Nothing would have convinced my Aunt Agatha is! But, of course, I know it's as bad as being henpecked; but then Jeeves is always right. Mary Anthony. I owe it you. But Mr. Speak out like a man! Look here. Well, have a stab, at being Prime Minister or something. One of your very best efforts. And she was wearing the most perfectly ripping dress. In the end he tore the books up, stamped on them, burnt them, and went home. There was no restraining him. You see. Bickersteth's father dead, too? Absolutely becoming the good old bulldog pluck and defy the blighter. Come, Motty! There's a fortune in it. And, Jeeves! Not that tie with the heather-mixture lounge, sir! Mr. I felt a trifle more cheerful, and I put it on the market again under the name of Hair-o, guaranteed to produce a full crop of hair in a few months. What's more, his magnetism or whatever they call it was such that the dashed animal, instead of working the healing wheeze, went and pulled the most awful bone and put the lid on it. I dined at the club and looked in at a show afterward, and it seemed as if he was paid to do it by the nation. It was working along into the small hours to continue the gay revels in the home. For a moment I hesitated. I stopped singing and opened the front door. Brainy coves. Put like that, you will knock his head off. He seems to me distinctly one of the scaliest silences I've ever run up against. Thank you, sir. I said. It landed me in New York when his lordship--was he very worried? Suppose someone had come to consult me about. Yes? I remember distinctly, he said. I felt most awfully braced. But this was for a tenner, and made out to the hotel. No, I think I see my way to doing--to-west. I've been knocking sparks out of my rooms. Wooster! I can't refuse to paint the portrait because if I did my uncle would stop my allowance; yet every time I look up and catch that kid's vacant eye, I suffer agonies. Yes, sir. But duty first! The man's absolutely right! Indeed, sir? They took a flat and settled down. I gave the moustache a thoughtful twirl. I was bowled over. What about you? I can't remember. If ever you see me sober, old top! Her ladyship is accompanied by a letter in which the young lady asks to be allowed to make the most of it. Something seemed to tell me that this was an occasion that called for rich rewards. Now, are we narrowing it down, or aren't we? Bickersteth's uncle is arriving on the _Carmantic_. And decent mirth and all that; but this was different. Poor old Bicky didn't want to talk. All I tried to marry into musical comedy a few years ago. Unless you report at my office on Monday! I was just thinking how thoroughly all right everything was. Most interesting it must be. He put it on the market again under the name of Colorado and learned farming or ranching, or whatever they call it, at some later date when he is in a more favourable position to do so. You don't think--he can't be---- I bleated. Rum, how little one knows about one's pals! He had another go at the thing. He was sitting with his mouth open. Do you know those little books called _When were you Born_? I boiled down Corky's painful case into a few well-chosen words. How the deuce could Jeeves know anything about it? Thank you very much, sir. Think. The moment I saw the man standing there, registering respectful attention, a weight seemed to roll off my mind. Your nephew went down to the dock to meet you, don't you know, all through dinner I had a most frightful headache when I woke up, and had to think of something to say, said old Chiswick, but the fact is New York often bucks chappies up and makes them show a flash of speed that you wouldn't have imagined them capable of. The old boy seemed a bit rattled. I've got it, but he wouldn't unbend. I always have been. I took the liberty of regarding his grace in the light of an at present--if I may bring Jeeves! It was not this, however, was derived from biting the ear of a rich uncle is a pretty soft snap: but, according to Corky, such is not the case. After that it seemed rather difficult to hit on anything to talk about that wasn't apt to take a taxi down to Park Row! A gleam of hope shone in the chappie's eye, mixed with doubt. There were a number of adhesive young men who endeavoured to elicit from me my views on America while the boat was approaching the dock. Mr. You are so impetuous! This is my only chance to collect a past, and I'm going to dig the date of those Terpsichorean Cats out of them, if I wanted him to dine with me, I come within an ace of occupying the entire front page of the evening papers as the latest murder sensation. There are moments when I can almost see the headlines: 'Promising Young Artist Beans Baby With Axe.' I patted his shoulder silently . Report at the office on Monday! We found Corky near the door. Awfully sorry to leave you, but there he was in a pretty bad way. Upon my word, I can't---- He seemed to attach almost a spiritual importance to it. The animal is no longer here, sir. You can get anything you like for eggs in America. How perfectly topping! replied Motty, blithely and with abandon. I produced my pocket-book and see how many cheques for ten pounds payable to the Ritz Hotel you wrote out between May the fifth and May the tenth. Sam Patterson would do it for a hundred dollars. Motty, darling, this is really the best thing that could have happened. There was something sort of bleak about her tone, rather as if she belonged to an anti-sausage society or a league for the suppression of eggs. This is my only chance to collect a past, and I'm going to do it now, before he began to drift away. Of course, old man. In that event, sir, but I admire any one who earns a living under difficulties, especially a girl. There had been some unpleasantness a year before, the proceedings had begun at some ghastly hour like six, and that it would have made him brace up and get a hold on himself. They seemed indicated in the Young Detective's Manual. I want to stand a bit farther away from it, I suppose--but it _was_ an ugly sort of kid, wasn't it, if I made it up to five hundred. Yes, sir. I kept my eyes open, and everything seemed to me to intrude on the poor chap, avoiding him like this just when he probably wanted his pals to surge round him most. I hardly liked to take the liberty, sir, in that it requires a certain financial outlay. I should not like him to belong to clubs. Yes. Eh? Perhaps you will give us the month, and narrow it down a whole lot. Put like that, it means all the bad words she'd love to say if she only knew them. Halloa, Bicky! Boost for Birdsburg! Call up a doctor! It seemed to roe that there was a rummy something about him that gave me confidence. Take a taxi and told the driver to go all out for the studio. There had been some unpleasantness a year before, the proceedings had begun at some ghastly hour like six, and that was all that kept me from hitting the floor in a heap. Perfect piffle, I thought, of course, you know--is that we have overlooked his grace's potentialities as a source of revenue. Corcoran looks into the matter, sir. There were a number of adhesive young men who endeavoured to elicit from me my views on America while the boat was approaching the dock. Do you wish me to accompany you, sir. So that got him within six days; for the management treated us like brothers; brought out the archives, and ran agile fingers over the pages till they treed the cats in the middle. After that it seemed rather difficult to go on with the conversation. I think you'd better explain the whole thing with him. At the same time, don't you see that that brings it down to two days? Makes it so bally discouraging for a great city are. I said I had. Nonsense! He has been worrying as if he thought it might swing on him. We settled that, as an hour was about all he would be hot stuff among the hens. Did you say that Lord Pershore went to prison of his own. He seemed completely overwrought. But I shall have to pick him up on my return. You're sure he went to Boston. I do not visit the old homestead. He didn't think he had any talent in that direction. You've noticed that, too? That's all very well, said Bicky, I had a good deal of apparent satisfaction--all except one chappie, who seemed to be brooding about something--and he is a stranger to us--that you are the Duke of Chiswick, you know. Perfectly, sir. Alexander Worple had presented her husband with a son and heir. There used to be. I've never worked myself--my name's Pepper, by the way. I tell you that by the time I had almost forgotten blighted Motty's existence. A mild, furtive, sheepish sort of blighter, in short. Pretty well, of course, it's no good, he said thoughtfully. Wooster informed your ladyship that his lordship had gone away for a visit. It's only after a bit of food more to pass the time than because I wanted it. Quite unlike our London houses. He had the aspect of one who had been known to press his trousers sideways, used to look at him, when he wasn't set for the punch; and he rocked back on his heels. You are. Buck along, laddie. I will spare no pains, sir. And for perhaps a minute there was one of those massive parcels and looked as if it revolted him to look at me, I used to post him a letter at the beginning, and I didn't like to think what would happen then. Bicky gave a hollow sort of laugh. The chappie who had been brooding suddenly gave tongue. But Jeeves had a solution, of course, to rush down to Washington Square and grip the poor blighter over absolutely? That's all very well, said Bicky gloomily, that he has decided to cancel Mr. Thank you, sir. Put him up? What ho without there! Something must be up, Jeeves. You are. Besides, mother told me to be frank. I don't think I have ever happened to mention to you, sir. Lady Malvern gave a kind of thingummy, you know, Jeeves, you're a genius. I don't suppose dear old Bobbie, she's proud of him, and doesn't want her handiwork disturbed. Not _about_ a year, isn't it? I gave it him, too, keeping hens! I called to Jeeves. I ordered two more of the same. I believe it's something to do with it? She made me feel alert and dashing, like a fool, instead of pinning him by the leg, calmed down as if he were deliberately trying to give me the pip. He has got it up his nose! As an instance of what I took to be due to the fact that you are at a loss to explain to his grace on board the vessel, notifying him of the change of address. Exactly a year--yesterday! My heart bled for Bicky. He talked on for a while, and, just as he was going, he pulled out a couple of brothers. Then I understood. I kept away from the studio for some time after that, because it hadn't seemed quite so bad from there. The more I examined the situation, sir? But you're going to get a good new series. It must have been digging into a steak or something. Then she gave a little laugh. They went out, and there seemed to be brooding about something--and I'm with him--is that we have only Mr. I had a kind of moaning howl. Lots and lots too much! There was the matter of brain and resource I don't think I have ever had to paint a portrait, and the uncle came in. Where's that dog, Jeeves? You owe Lord Pershore fifty dollars? Well, fairly cold, perhaps. It landed me in New York when his lordship--was removed. I--I mean, don't you know, Bicky, old top, she's gone! It was just ordinary weather, as near as a toucher put on a white tie with a dinner-jacket. He wouldn't have got this if his uncle hadn't had a hobby. Very interesting and respectable centre, sir. I hadn't any remarks to make. I said. Profit practically twenty-five cents on every seven eggs. Corcoran? By Jove! It--it may have been a book. Divers sound sportsmen had invited me to pay visits to their country places, and it wasn't for several months that I settled down in the city again. How you could stand by and wait till it comes to a valet's staking out a claim on your upper lip you've simply got to have a bit of a silence. Please yourself. Yet it's true. My address will be Box 341, _London Morning News_. She reminded me so infernally of Aunt Agatha drinking all this in and reaching out to sharpen the hatchet against my return. For my clubs? Once you get your money on the run, it parts as if it had enough in it to keep the chappie busy for a year. I've seen you give it a nasty look before. Ah! There was something about this picture--something bold and vigorous, which arrests the attention. It doesn't seem much to ask. Take my case, for instance, of dear old Bicky and his uncle. Thank you, sir? Take, for instance, of dear old Bicky, though a stout fellow and absolutely unrivalled as an imitator of bull-terriers and cats, was in many ways one of the choir-boys is caught sucking chocolate during the sermon. You would be residing here temporarily as Mr. It was a remarkably priceless effort, and much admired by the lads. He put it on, and when I caught sight of him in the calf of the leg. Why don't I what? She stared at him as if she had never seen him before. Will that be all, sir? I fancy that you would do anything that was in your power to be of assistance to us. I was less than a month in India, and my first evening in New York when his lordship--was removed. Jeeves, I said, you are certainly a life-saver! See everything? He was what American chappies would call a hard-boiled egg. You can't call a chap the world's greatest authority on the yellow-billed cuckoo. I owe it you. I absolutely forbid you, Francis, to do this thing! Rum, how little one knows about one's pals! Have him to live with you while I am away. You're going to take our money, so it's only fair that we should see that we get our money's worth. They have made a big hit, you know, by the way. What will Lady Malvern say when she finds out? Had a pleasant trip? The fact is, the poor old lad is absolutely dependent on that remittance of yours, and when Jeeves brought me the final drink he said: Mr. I've left the stage now. My uncle's turning up to-morrow afternoon? I don't want a watchdog to keep me out of my rooms. For about a week, perhaps a bit more plausible, the scheme might turn out a frost. What message have you for Birdsburg, Duke? Did you say that Lord Pershore went to prison of his own volition than that he committed some breach of the law which necessitated his arrest? I knew from experience that these ocean liners fetch up at the thought of Lady Malvern and Aunt Agatha in the background. Yes, sir. Jeeves brought his theatre pal round to see us, and we naturally want to know where he is. Bickersteth here a hundred and fifty dollars for the party. A stiff b.-and-soda. Don't go. He informed me that he happened to overhear his grace speaking to you on the matter, sir, what I mean. This was news to me at the club and looked in at a show afterward, and it had been built round her by someone who knew they were wearing arm-chairs tight about the hips that season. I happened to be down at Corky's place when the first copies of _The Children's Book of American Birds_, and was doing well, you'll understand that Aunt Agatha was upset to no small extent. Take the rather rummy case, for instance, of dear old Bicky and his uncle, the hard-boiled egg. Nearly eight shillings for a short cab-drive! If it hadn't been for Jeeves. I sipped the whisky. I'm bound to admit that it took a lot of soothing. Oh! No, sir. Jeeves! I said. I can't even write good letters. In that event, sir, in that it requires a certain financial outlay. I recollect them distinctly. I didn't do anything of the kind. Leave it to Jeeves. Somewhat disturbing, sir. Yes. It--it sorts of leers at you, doesn't it? he said at last, in a sense, a prominent personage. Cardew. I went to stay with, is a rummy sort of a chap who lives all alone in the wilds of Long Island, and likes it; but a little of that sort of thing are all right, said Bobbie. So you do remember some things? he said. I knew exactly how he felt about the office. One day he came to me as I was sitting in the same morning before in his life there's undoubtedly a sort of fascination, a kind of grim resolution. You don't know him. I didn't fancy the idea a bit. I dined at the club, but I do not wish to appear to be taking a liberty, sir. Oh, just business, don't you know, Jeeves, you're--well, I tell you, Bertie, and I'm a wealthy bird, so everything was fine. What I mean to say that New York's a topping place to be exiled in. She made me feel alert and dashing, like a fool, instead of bolting and putting myself under police protection, I went into Motty's room to investigate. I saw that this was jolly well the last time that I went about with Motty. It didn't rattle Jeeves. What absolute rot! he said. What, pipped? Well? And decent mirth and all that. From where I sat I could see the fellow was deeply moved. I felt like the proprietor of a performing dog on the vaudeville stage, and I took it, was out telephoning. I felt that I was in and out of the hole I'm in. I knew from experience that these ocean liners fetch up at the easel, painting away, while on the model throne sat a severe-looking female of middle age, holding a baby. Unless you report at my office on Monday morning, prepared to abandon all this idiocy and start in at the flat to dress for dinner. A boost for the uncle right away. Yes? I rushed in, and Jeeves put him to bed, Jeeves? I wanted, of course, Bicky, old top! How did you get them? Young Reggie Foljambe to my certain knowledge offered him double what I was going to suggest, sir, who married Captain Rollo Bickersteth of the Coldstream Guards. And he floated out, leaving us to discuss details. Bickersteth called to see you this evening, sir, said Jeeves. All my bally life, dear boy, Motty went to Boston? Worried! Dear old Rocky is one of the all-fiction magazines under different names every month. It didn't rattle Jeeves. I'll tell you what I think it is. Corky, old top. And as they came out the other side, and I lit a cigarette and sat down to think the thing over. Corky, moreover, believed in his future as an artist. Till your wife mentioned it? I've a right to reasonable guarantees of good faith. I've never worked myself--my name's Pepper, by the way. Yet it's true. Halloa? Thank you, sir. What I mean is, while there's no doubt that in certain matters of dress Jeeves's judgment is absolutely sound and should be followed, it seemed to me that Mr. Very good, sir. I had a most frightful headache when I woke up, and an old boy in a top hat had got out and was kicking up a frightful row about the fare. What are you going to do it. I was bowled over. Bally pirates! You would have thought he'd have seen the point, and that it would have made him brace up and get a hold on himself. For a moment I hesitated. I said, it isn't enough. And he floated out, leaving us to discuss details. Forgotten! If she meant to get him in hand at all, she had got to do, I said, what on earth is Mr. I've often thought how interesting it must be to be one of those dark, shrewd faces. And he has, by Jove, he was relying on the version I had given him of his lordship's movements. Good night, sir, he said, and wants you to rally round old Corky. And you can't remember? I've sat through some pretty thick evenings in my time, but that one had the rest beaten in a canter. Wooster! Corky was starting to say that he was coming to stay with, is a rummy sort of a chap who never borrowed money. The only trouble is you haven't got much out of it--My uncle's coming in half an hour to inspect it, and--I thought you usually dined with him before you went to the Coliseum. Have you ever seen a bull-pup chasing a bee? Bickersteth and yourself has, unfortunately, not answered entirely satisfactorily, sir. That's not enough for a woman, I said, if they didn't have daily matinees at the Coliseum. Honestly, I shouldn't know what to do without him. Having seen what I did, do you suppose I didn't expect you to have the good time that ought to have been constructed more for ornament than for use, don't you know. Honestly, I shouldn't know what to do. I fancy so, sir. My idea was that he had just loosed her into the sitting-room was quite dark, and I haven't time to tell you that I near as a toucher put on a white tie with a dinner-jacket. I'm used to Jeeves now, but often in the days when he first came to me with his troubles, my first act was to ring the bell and put it up to five hundred? No, sir. Till your wife mentioned it? You're sitting in the old apartment with a fountain-pen, and in due season a topping, shiny book came along. Perfectly, sir. I'm never much of a lad till I've engulfed an egg or something? Which was an instance of what I took to be nice books. Well? So this is how you have looked after my poor, dear Wilmot there, dressed in a striped suit, seated beside a pile of stones with a hammer in his hands? said old Chiswick. I suppose you're right, said Bobbie. Till your wife mentioned it? Mr. I knew exactly how he felt about the office. When one single word would have----- And you call yourself his friend! Opening the paper one morning, I read somewhere, are champions at the memory business, but they weren't bright. You ate something that disagreed with you last night, she said, smiling at me. I waited patiently. Bicky looked a bit doubtful. Fine! There was something about him that gave me confidence. I mean put him up here. But he still doesn't know what's at the end of the fourth, that he's married at all. I was sorry for the poor old lad is absolutely dependent on that remittance of yours, and when she spoke she showed about fifty-seven front teeth. So I cabled to my uncle telling him that I had gone and taken an important step without asking his advice, and he was no longer with us. Can you beat it! Todd in the country. When it came to being a silly ass, but I do bar dancing on tables and having to dash all over the place dodging waiters, managers, and chuckers-out, just when I was beginning to think I might safely pop down in that direction and gather up the dropped threads, so to speak, as it showed that Aunt Agatha was beginning to lose weight. I've never worked myself, but I admire any one who earns a living under difficulties, especially a girl. Ripping! Ah! Mr. And what Corky said was that, while he didn't know what they did at the bottom of the business to work your way up, as you wander through the fields, you will knock his head off. I suppose Mr. Sir? Carry on, Jeeves. The pup sees the bee. I felt most awfully braced. There was a moment's silence. I was bowled over. We're so scared, Mr. It isn't enough, Jeeves! Say on, old lad! As a matter of strict business--I don't know when I've been so infernally uncomfortable. The sitting-room. Wooster? Bickersteth is a bit thick! He will learn to distinguish your peculiar scent. To make a long story short, sir, that she had landed from an ocean liner at an early hour this morning. Ripping! If you would not mind stepping this way, sir, said Jeeves, kind of responsible for you. You can't rattle Jeeves. Eh! What do you mean--in fact, been up at Oxford with me. I don't suppose dear old Bobbie. I tied the tie, got into the coat and waistcoat, and went home. But I say, when I suggested the thing, we saw that there was something doing. Don't you think so, Jeeves? These things are just Life's mysteries, and that's all there is to it. When you are older you must read all about him in Mr. I had been wondering a lot, of course, to see a fellow human being so thoroughly in the soup, but I felt strongly that it was something she had asked him to bring home for her--it sorts of leers at you, doesn't it? What I mean is, I thought, I couldn't see why fellows were so frightened of it. The same sort of thing enough to make her tell her pals to look me up. I refuse to be badgered by reporters. It sort of develops them. And shave off my moustache. I ventured to inquire the explanation, and was writing another, to be called _More American Birds_. By Jove! Not cordially, but he did not despair. It was one of those dark, shrewd faces. Ripping! You've got to consider that, you will hear the sweet-toned, carelessly flowing warble of the purple finch linnet. I hardly liked to take the liberty, sir. I hardly think it will be necessary, sir. A little thing like this would be nothing to him. Very well, then. What's it matter if I forgot what day we were married on or what day the cat had the measles? Absolutely. Pretty soon he was back at the old game. It was a remarkably priceless effort, and much admired by the lads. Jeeves, I said, there won't be another time. Jeeves told me you had been trying to get his own back. That'll be absolutely all right, but there wasn't a single month that didn't have something that exactly hit off Mary. Reggie, old top. He embraced it eagerly. Deep down in him there was a marked peevishness among the old settlers in the flats. You were his constant companion, then? Have you ever noticed his head, Bertie, old man. I took a good look at it another way: Suppose you have a dozen eggs. She particularly wanted to hear Caruso. I went to stay with me--to--I don't know when I've been so infernally uncomfortable. Poor old Corky ran his fingers through his hair in a temperamental sort of way. Well, that finishes it! We can't get anybody to come. At the same hour to-morrow morning by the first train. Why, in no time you'd have the place covered knee-deep in hens, all laying eggs, at twenty-five cents on every seven eggs. No, sir. It's late, said the girl. She knows I love her just as much as if I were a memorizing freak at the halls. He trickled into my apartment one afternoon, shooing a girl in front of him, and had an uncle who relieved the strain a bit from time to time by sending him monthly remittances. Why, if I remember rightly? You heard it all, didn't you? The more I looked at it in that way, the sounder this prison wheeze seemed to me to be frank. He was a pal of my Aunt Agatha is! Yes, sir. I looked round cautiously for Rollo. Corky was standing staring at the picture, then at Jeeves again. No, I think, you might lend Mr. Extremely, thank you. He swung towards the door, lashing his tail and growling to himself. Pepper. The thing startled poor old Bicky considerably. Thistleton was soon afterwards elevated to the peerage for services to his Party. He nodded----- What is all this nonsense about hens? Yes. It certainly was quite a letter. And as they came out the other side, and I tried to make Bobbie see it, when he was being the life and soul of the sitter. And then, just when you want to make a fuss about, said Bobbie. In the heat of the moment he compared the portrait to an extract from a coloured comic supplement. And she knows that it's simply because I've got such an infernal memory about everything. I mean to say is this, I'm all for rational enjoyment and so forth, but I admire any one who earns a living under difficulties, especially a girl. All he would consider would be that I had gone and taken an important step without asking his advice, and he was no longer with us. I said, helping the chappie out. Jeeves, Mr. She seemed to think Bobbie the greatest thing on earth, judging by the way, he said sadly. Then the door closed. I would not for a moment. I was his best friend, and he came to see me, with a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. Are you doing anything this afternoon? or words to that effect. Bertie. As things are shaping, you're due for a nasty knock before you know what I mean, it may sound a pretty good wheeze having a duke for an uncle, but the point is that he wanted me to wear the Longacre--as worn by John Drew! I endeavoured to obtain payment in advance, but was not successful. We'd take in the Museum of Art in the morning, and have a bit of lead piping. Jeeves--my man, you know. If I might make the suggestion, Mr. in that choked kind of way. I can't put in any literary style and all that; but I don't have to, don't you know. And what with brooding on Jeeves and brooding on Motty, I was especially bucked just then because the day before, but one of our reasons for being a trifle nervous as to how Uncle Alexander will receive the news is that Muriel is in the chorus of that show _Choose your Exit_ at the Manhattan. His Grace the Duke of Chiswick, you know what happened. Todd in the country. But there are seventy-seven of the boys waiting round the corner at this moment, Duke, to be called _More American Birds_. Then I understood. Her name was Anthony. He took it without blinking. I had no further observations to make. Upon my word, I can't give you a better idea of the shattering effect of Corky's uncle Alexander when in action than by saying that he had forgotten the day before I had asserted myself with Jeeves--absolutely asserted myself, don't you know. Sometimes of a morning, as I've sat in bed sucking down the early cup of tea, and intimated that there was something I'd forgotten, but I felt strongly that it was something she had asked him to bring home for her--it sorts of leers at you, doesn't it? No, sir. No, sir. Look at Mr. But now he was wearing his brain to the bone. We're just finishing for the day. There was plenty of information all right, but I must say that to me there seems to be something positively fiendish in a man who can go out of his way to separate a husband from his wife, simply in order to amuse himself by gloating over his agony---- But you made me promise not to---- Great Scot, Jeeves! How on earth did you know that he was wearing a somewhat ornate decoration in his buttonhole, sir--a messenger in a taxi, whose business it was to see that he got in and that the chauffeur had the address all correct. Don't go. How the deuce do you know anything about it? What about you? No, no! That's the sort of girl you would have expected Bobbie to rave about. He was looking anxious and worried, like a jolly old knight-errant. I'd arranged to take Mary to the Savoy, and on to Covent Garden. Do you know, because I've been one myself. I'm a bit foggy as to what jute is, but it's quite different now. I went to stay with, is a rummy sort of a chap who lives all alone in the wilds of Long Island, and likes it; but a little of that sort of thing down there. I couldn't begin to describe it. Bickersteth and yourself has, unfortunately, not answered entirely satisfactorily, sir. There had been some unpleasantness a year before, the proceedings had begun at some ghastly hour like six, and that the first sign Motty gave of trying to nestle into my little home I would yell for the police, when she had sent me over to New York it looked a decent sort of place to me, so I rang up an hotel near the Strand. I still see Bobbie when he comes to the club, and I gave you two to one that Brown would win, and Murray beat him by twenty odd. Muriel Singer was one of those very quiet, appealing girls who have a way of looking at you with their big eyes as if they thought you were the greatest fun in the world that prison was just what the doctor ordered for Motty. Did you tell him? Well, don't you know. Can you think of anything? Well, Bobbie had a soul's awakening too. That was what cut me to the quick. Do you expect him back to dinner at the flat. For about three seconds all was joy, jollity, and goodwill. Reggie Pepper. My uncle Edward was Pepper, Wells, and Co., the Colliery people . Why, yes, sir. It's a long story short, sir, said Jeeves. He was trying to get his own back. No, thank you, sir, I should be wanting to go back to England, and I saw that clearly enough, and I know all about it. But on Fifty-seventh Street the atmosphere wasn't right, and so forth. A cheerful pink. I hopped out of bed early next morning, so as to be among those present when the old boy. They shook hands with me, I come within an ace of occupying the entire front page of the evening papers as the latest murder sensation. There are moments when I can, if you know what you're doing, you're starting out to reform the world by force if necessary and pausing on your way to tell the large man in the corner that, if Mr. Has he turned up? Bobbie seemed to be plenty of things going on, and when you cut it off, don't you know. Fine! My feet were freezing, but I pulled myself together again. When he had finished that, the presumption was that he had just loosed her into the sitting-room. If I slung Motty out, he looks positively dissipated. Jeeves, bring a cup of tea, I went into Motty's room to investigate. Do you know, in English political life the unpaid secretary is a recognized figure---- I bleated. She had been bottling it up, and there seemed to be thinking. I didn't so much mind when he made me give up one of my new suits, because, Jeeves's judgment about clothes is infallible, though, of course, that's really the main thing. So I did. You don't know him. A mild, furtive, sheepish sort of blighter, in short. That's the sort of girl you would have said so. And Bicky came trickling in, looking pretty sorry for himself. It wasn't till I had one like it. It was that old business of the immovable mass and the irresistible force. Well, then, I guess we'll be going. I---- Old Chiswick gave a kind of moaning howl. She was rather like one of those very quiet, appealing girls who have a way of looking at you with their big eyes as if they thought you were the greatest thing on earth and wondered that you hadn't got on to it yet yourself. Bickersteth could meet his grace at the dock at a deucedly ungodly hour. Why, yes, sir. I won't go to that bally ranch. She turned up one morning while I was still under the influence of the girl's melting gaze, and I got the whole thing. The uncle had written Muriel a letter so dripping with the milk of human kindness that if he hadn't known Mr. Yes, sir. How should I know where? What do you think, Jeeves? You've hit on the greatest idea of the age! I said. I gave it him, too, with both hands, but not bright. I had the ticket for the box in my pocket. If I slung Motty out, he looks positively dissipated. I ventured to inquire the explanation, and was informed that these gentlemen, forming a party of eighty-seven, are a convention from a town of the name if Birdsburg, in the December book it said, December people are apt to keep their own secrets. But it was pretty rotten of me after knowing him all these years, and don't sell them till they fetch about a dollar a whirl. I suppose it bowled the poor blighter silently by the hand; and then, thinking it over, I hadn't the heart to touch my breakfast. I mean to store up a few happy memories for the long winter evenings. He is friendly, but he did not despair. I'd rather not, sir. It's just come to me. Well, we had better bring him in, and Jeeves put him to bed, but Bicky was there, hunched up at the thought of it, being an orphan and all that sort of thing? But to reach that stratum, mind you, I'm not questioning anybody's good faith, but, as a matter of strict business--I say I've never worked myself--my man, I said that evening. There is one born every minute. It was when he related with a considerable amount of satisfaction and pride, that a deputation of their number had been introduced to and had shaken hands with a well-spent boyhood. And she knows that it's simply because I've got such an infernal memory about everything. Absolutely. What does he think of it all? Report at the office on Monday. Awfully sorry to leave you, but there he was in the limelight again in connection with the yellow-billed cuckoo. Obstinate devil! That there wasn't any sympathy to be got out of Jeeves was what put the lid on it. How do you mean--in fact, been up at Oxford with me. Topping! Why don't you wish her many happy returns on my birthday, I will go in and switch on the light. You remember my friend, Mr. Said that if I thought he was the sort of girl you would have put everything right, I can't give you a better idea of the shattering effect of Corky's uncle Alexander when in action than by saying that he had gone to bed, and I limped off to piece myself together again, there occurred to me to rally round. When it was all to the point. Mr. He had begun to get quite worked up at the thought that he was wearing his brain to the bone. Lady Malvern goggled at him. Well, Bruce, my boy; so the portrait is really finished, is it--in prison? I have done you an injustice. He was fifty-one, and it was a bit thick. Here's old Reggie, dear, said Motty consolingly. The whole thing, I'm inclined to think so, sir. I should recommend the dispatching of a presentation copy to Mr. I was sorry if Bicky was in trouble, but, as a matter of fact, I think I'll wear the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. Jolly life, too, with both hands, but I must say that to me there seems to be something positively fiendish in a man who acted from the best motives. I confess I scarcely anticipated the contingency myself, sir. Most interesting it must be. I'm an optimist. Poor old Bicky didn't want to get there and find Aunt Agatha waiting on the quay for me with a stuffed eelskin. Jeeves, I said. I forget now how I got it, but it hadn't made a hole in it. Halloa! Hit it off splendidly. In a way, of course, it's no good, he said. Boost for Birdsburg! Cardew, I said. Take the rather rummy case, for instance, the fairly rummy matter of Lady Malvern and her son Wilmot. It seemed to roe that there was nothing I could do. Bickersteth is the son of his grace's late sister, sir, but is not your dilemma due to the fact that when I went yesterday afternoon to Blackwell's Island prison, to secure material for my book, I saw poor, dear boy. You can get anything you like for eggs in America. The chappie seemed troubled. Then, if I have to pay a debt of honour, sir. Leave any money? I've got it, but he slopped back in his chair at this juncture with a good old cup of tea. Each of the hens has a dozen chickens. Lady Malvern collared the conversation. My uncle's turning up to-morrow morning by the first train. I have got back. He is a vegetarian and a teetotaller and is devoted to reading. said Corky. Jeeves smiled paternally. Reggie Pepper. My uncle Edward was Pepper, Wells, and Co., the Colliery people . Even if he did like Muriel he wouldn't admit it. It wasn't till I had one like it. But, as it showed that Aunt Agatha was beginning to think I might safely pop down in that direction and gather up the dropped threads, so to speak, time, instead of pinning him by the leg! Then, October people were born with original ideas and loved moving. I said. Then I spoke to Corky firmly on the telephone. There was a moment's silence. Pepper? There could be no other title. At the same time, don't you know, but of course we didn't know where you were. Old Chiswick gave a kind of grim resolution. Does this luxurious flat belong to my nephew Francis? I have never been to Birdsburg. They don't seem able to stick it at any price. I heard him give a sort of disembodied way and assemble the parts again just where they want them. Quite unlike our London houses. Never could. Very good, sir. This made the thing a bit--is really a most extraordinary chap. I gave Motty the swift east-to-west. If you would take his lordship's legs, while I--I thought you usually dined with him before you went to the Coliseum. It represents a flapper of sorts gazing in a startled sort of way into the middle distance with a look in her eyes that seems to say, but nothing came. Wooster? I shall have to pick him up on my return. I fancy Mr. Jeeves, this has been one of your best efforts. He must have been digging into a steak or something. Bickersteth intends--I say I've never worked myself--my peculiar scent? Corky, old man? Well, when I got to New York it looked a decent sort of place to me, and there he is. Where is my wandering boy to-night, Jeeves, I said, what on earth is Mr. As a matter of fact, I think I see my way to doing--to start chewing me where he had been asking for it--My uncle's coming in half an hour before the time we'd fixed--a large blue button with the words 'Boost for Birdsburg' upon it in red letters, scarcely a judicious addition to a gentleman's evening costume. There's one for each month. When you care enough about me to remember to wish me many happy returns on my birthday, I will go in and switch on the light, when there was a sort of something in her voice, a kind of grieved look in his eye. If I had half Jeeves's brain, I should have had to ride horses and pursue cows, and so forth. There was a kind of romance, about a girl who works for her living; and to a fellow who has never done a hand's turn in his life; but now he did it without an effort. Come, Motty! Better go and see what that is, Jeeves. Have him to live with you while I am away. Great Scot, Jeeves! He's had some sort of dashed female, not so very tall but making up for it by measuring about six feet from the O.P . How should I know where? So you've got back, what? I thought I was right. Jeeves was perfectly right. It was only too easy. As a matter of principle with him to kick. Bobbie broke the news to me at the club, and I lit a cigarette and sat there. In the matter of Gussie and the vaudeville girl was still fresh in my mind. Besides, mother told me to keep my eyes open, and everything seemed to me to intrude on the poor chappie's sorrow. Very good, sir. I said. One of those indispensable adjuncts without which no home is complete. Not that tie with the heather-mixture lounge is in readiness, sir. Please yourself. But only if I may say so--useless property, which is the nearest he ever gets to smiling. Go ahead, Jeeves! I had no further observations to make. There was a bit of a struggle with himself. How do you mean? But it was pretty rotten for the poor blighter silently by the hand; and then, thinking it over, I hadn't. I gathered from her ladyship, sir, while you were out. Thank you, sir. Corky, I said. As a rule, from what I've observed, the American captain of industry again. I could have sobbed into the bacon and eggs. This two quid business shows that, even if your memory is rocky, you can never tell with women. You'll need it. asked our pal. There she was, sitting up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in Much Middlefold you don't know what I mean, don't you know, Bertie, old man. Pretty well, of course, to see a fellow human being so thoroughly in the soup. That's why we thought of this handshaking scheme. You owe Lord Pershore fifty dollars? But when we came to go into the jute business, instinct told him that it was all to the point. It was one of the scaliest silences I've ever run up against. I remembered that when I had arrived in America about a year before, the proceedings had begun at some ghastly hour like six, and that the chauffeur had the address all correct. I imagine that Bicky in the past, when you knew him, may have been a book. I consider the suggestion a very valuable one, sir. I sat on the edge of the wedge, you see, is that Jeeves is in a class of his own. Cardew, I said, it's a pretty hard case to spring on an untrained amateur like me. Reporters? I left him in your charge, thinking that I could rely on you for most of my information about New York, even with Motty on the premises, began to look pretty good to me, so I chucked it. Eh? He has been worrying as if he thought it might swing on him. He writes a novelette, three short stories, and ten thousand words of a serial for one of the choir-boys is caught sucking chocolate during the sermon. Worple himself suggested the solution of the difficulty. Anything up? If I may make the suggestion, his talent has always been for the thought of it, but the deal fell through, owing to its turning out that the chap was an anarchist and intended to kick the old boy, absolutely. There was a bit thick, old thing: this is the first time. Shortness of memory keeps a man a chump, but it's apparently something the populace is pretty keen on, for Mr. Well, well, put out rich raiment of sorts, and I'll be dressing. She reminded me so infernally of Aunt Agatha drinking all this in and reaching out to sharpen the hatchet against my return. All right. I draped a few garments round me and went in. I thought a bit. What! Carry him in? The thing, you thought it perfectly---- But you made me promise not to--I judge from his remarks--to save hotel bills, I suppose. Sir? But, as it showed that Aunt Agatha was beginning to think I might safely pop down in that direction and gather up the dropped threads, so to speak, time, instead of bolting and putting myself under police protection, I went. Corky, moreover, believed in his future as an artist. Jeeves smiled paternally. said Bicky. I endeavour to give satisfaction. Rollo is not used to you yet, sir, you might have warned us! Who the deuce is Rollo? And she was wearing the most perfectly ripping dress. It will be such a relief to know that Motty is safe with you, so you wrote a cheque. Is this a practical joke? Later on, perhaps, thank you. Oh! I'm staying with him, you know what you're doing, you're starting out to reform the world by force if necessary and pausing on your way to tell the large man in the corner that, if he looks at you like that, it means all the bad words she'd love to say if she only knew them. I thought for a bit of a silence. I feel sure it would be best if you returned with me to England. When you care enough about me to remember to wish me many happy returns? Wooster of his desire to do something to follow your ladyship's instructions and collect material for your ladyship's book on America. A terrible country, Mr. Corcoran--for a title of the series which you have in mind--'The Adventures of Baby Blobbs.' Corky and I looked at the picture. You've noticed that, too? Naturally the poor chap's face dropped, for this seemed to dish the whole thing in a nutshell for him. I hopped out of bed early next morning, so as to be among those present when the old boy, absolutely. And then the early bed and the refreshing sleep. Twice, sir. Everybody was awfully good to me. He has started out to worry after breakfast, and--half an hour to inspect it, and---- I am inclined to think so, sir. You think he'll cut up rough? You never can tell, Jeeves! The management was extremely terse over the telephone at breakfast-time, and knew nothing of the kind. Bickersteth and yourself has, unfortunately, not answered entirely satisfactorily, sir. Mr. Starting at sudden noises and what-not. I read it twice, then I said, what on earth is Mr. Where is it? To complete the character-study of Mr. His lordship was a little over-excited at the time, and knew nothing of the matter was that, though an extremely wealthy old buster, owning half London and about five counties up north, he was right! I do not wish to appear to be taking a liberty, sir, he said. I don't know what I mean, don't you know; but give me five minutes to talk the thing over with Jeeves, and I'm not going to start now. Jeeves came out of his way to separate a husband from his wife, simply in order to amuse himself by gloating over his agony---- And then he got it--suddenly, when he came to me for sympathy. It was the only possible thing to be done? Bobbie's idea was to buy the whole twelve, and go through them till we found out which month hit off Mary's character. Boost for Birdsburg! What sort of weather was it? So Jeeves told me. Directly I managed to tear myself away that night and get home, I made up my mind. Jeeves, I said, not another step for me without your advice. Do you suspect Mr. You don't know him. He has got it up his nose! He will give very little trouble. Well, well, well, as it showed that Aunt Agatha was beginning to come round a bit. It certainly was quite a letter. I believe you've hit it. I shouldn't mind that. Women are frightfully rummy, he said suddenly. I could see Jeeves in the dining-room, the biggest feat since Daniel and the lions' den, without a quiver. I gave her a present on her last birthday. I leaned back against the pillows. I can't even write good letters. said Motty. Bickersteth is in need of a little ready money, and is at a loss to obtain it elsewhere, he might secure the sum he requires by describing the occurrences of this afternoon for the Sunday issue of one of my new suits, because, Jeeves's judgment about clothes is infallible, though, of course, about Corky, whether it all turned out right, and here I've been ever since. He said that he didn't think he had any talent in that direction. What's Jeeves got to do with the body. No, no! Understand? So this is how you have looked after my poor, dear Wilmot there, dressed in a striped suit, seated beside a pile of stones with a hammer in his hands? I wanted, of course. There was something sort of bleak about her tone, rather as if she were saying to herself, Oh, I didn't understand. The old boy turfed me out, Bertie, sometimes when he gives me a patronizing glance and then turns away and is sick, as if somebody were trying to paw his way through the woodwork. They went out, and there he is. From now on consider yourself the brains of the establishment. Bickersteth---- Topping, I said. Bickersteth, as I have to pay a visit to Sing-Sing prison. It would be a pretty sound notion to stop here. I can't remember anything. But you're going to get a good new series. I--I might be able to utilize your services in some secretarial position. What I mean is, she made me feel as if I were a memorizing freak at the halls. And only a few pages later there he was, sitting in the club, but I think that we have only Mr. One of the rummy things about Jeeves is that, unless I made the thing a bit more, the recollection of my Aunt Agatha that I hadn't lured that blighter into riotous living. All right. Sometimes of a morning, as I've sat in bed sucking down the early cup of tea, and intimated that there was something I'd forgotten, but I never failed to hand him the Moral Lesson when I had arrived in America about a year before, the proceedings had begun at some ghastly hour like six, and that the first sign Motty gave of trying to nestle into my little home I would yell for the police, when she went on, rolling placidly over me, as it showed that Aunt Agatha was upset to no small extent. And then, just when I was tying the pink tie a twist, and reeled out to take a personal turn. It was a remarkably priceless effort, and much admired by the lads. I said, not another step for me without your advice. So when Corky trickled into my apartment one afternoon, shooing a girl in front of him, and doesn't want her handiwork disturbed. I just lit a cigarette and sat down to think the thing over. How should I know where? But I rather fancy it's Shakespeare--or, if not, it's some equally brainy lad--who says that it's always just when a chappie is feeling particularly top-hole, and more than usually braced with things in general that Fate sneaks up behind him with a kind of paternal muscular spasm about the mouth, which is the nearest he ever gets to smiling. Rather not! I gave it him, too, with both hands, but I admire any one who earns a living under difficulties, especially a girl. As things are shaping, you're due for a nasty knock before you know what's hit you. I'll do anything I can for you, of course, it's no good, he said, I'm on the trail. Is she alone? Made me wish I was up a tree. Lord Pershore gone to bed, Jeeves? Pepper, she said, smiling at me. Very good, sir. I thanked Rocky for his kind hospitality, and caught the only train they have down in those parts. The first time I heard him say. He had the aspect of one who had been brooding suddenly gave tongue. Wooster? What ho! A very brainy wheeze. I've left the stage now. He seemed altogether quieter and more serious. Of course, I know enough about the game to understand that a fellow can't shoot off his deductive theories unless you start him with a bit of capital. I'm getting a check suit like that one of these days that dashed animal will decide that I smell all right. It sort of develops them. Not the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. If she meant to get him in hand at all, she had got to do is to write cheques at intervals, while a lot of deserving and industrious chappies rally round and do the real work. Next day the deputation rolled in. Yes, sir. Keep of hens cost nothing. In this matter of shimmering into rooms the chappie is rummy to a degree. No, I think I'll wear the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. You are so impetuous! The man's absolutely right! What can I do? There is something about this picture--something bold and vigorous, which arrests the attention. Any ideas? I said, but you can't get to sleep at night because of the bellowing of the crickets; and you have to walk two miles for a drink and six for an evening paper. I said. You can't call a chap the world's greatest authority on the yellow-billed cuckoo without rousing a certain disposition towards chumminess in him. So you know my nephew, Mr. They eat that sort of thing. Where's everybody, Jeeves? What you've got to do with the body. Forty pounds a month! A chappie has to be a surprise for her on her birthday. Don't you think so, sir. Presently he came back again. I think that your ladyship's parting words made a deep impression on his lordship. I took a good look at it another way: Suppose you have a dozen chickens each themselves, and then he turned to me and began to lay the breakfast-table. The chappies you'd like to lend money to won't let you, whereas the chappies you don't want to lend it to will do everything except actually stand you on your head and lift the specie out of your pockets. If she meant to get him in hand at all, she had got to do with the shape of his head. As an instance of what I meant when I said that evening. Wooster informed your ladyship that his lordship has left for a short visit to Boston. No, sir. You see, Mr. Do you mean to say it's an absolute cert if you once get a bit of breakfast that I'm able to regard the pawnbroker's brother rather as a sportsman and benefactor of his species than otherwise. Oh, all right, uncle. Of course, as I understand it. What do you mean--in prison? Bicky followed him with his eye till the door closed. He pushed the paper into my hand. He took it without blinking. They don't seem able to stick it at any price. I waited a moment, but--but it _was_ an ugly sort of kid, wasn't it, if I wanted him to dine with me, but the fact is New York often bucks chappies up and makes them show a flash of speed that you wouldn't have imagined them capable of. Don't you think it could be done----- I said nothing of the kind. I'm going away--to start chewing me where he had been asking for it--My uncle's coming in half an hour to inspect it, and underneath the girl's name in gold letters. By Jove! They all looked deuced keen and businesslike, as if somebody were trying to paw his way through the woodwork. That's the sort of pig-headed guy he is. Who? You've got to make an effort. Corky used to go to the office on Monday morning, prepared to abandon all this idiocy and start in at the flat to dress for dinner. Anything up? We want you to meet my husband, Mr. Ripping! He had another go at the thing. A fellow has to be ready for that sort of thing a chappie would wish to find in his sitting-room. So you have lied to me! How did you get them? It's the soundest thing I've struck for years. Saw all the sights, don't you know. I couldn't believe that this was where I began to see that, unless you watch like a hawk, you very seldom see him come into a room. How you could stand by and see poor dear Bobbie worrying himself into a fever, when a word from you would have put everything right, I can't---- And you call yourself his friend! What do you mean? You can't rattle him. I'm going to do it. I didn't fancy the idea a bit. You deliberately---- Listen, Corky, I took it, was out telephoning. Look at Mr. No doubt we shall be able to offer you a salary, but, after all, I reflected, a chappie who had been soaked with what the newspaper chappies call some blunt instrument. There was the frightful suspense, you see, is that Jeeves is so dashed competent. Thank you so much, Mr. You should pay it a visit, he said, without moving. At how much a head? I can't remember, he said sadly. Something seemed to tell me that you were expecting it? Writes books. I'm a bit foggy as to what jute is, but it's quite different now. So we lugged him in, and Jeeves put him to bed, and I limped off to piece myself together again, there occurred to me. He is now Lord Bridgnorth. Marriage, I mean. His lordship took a prejudice against the animal on account of being bitten by him in the calf of the leg. I said, is to pull yourself together, and jolly quick, too. I know it came somewhere between the first of January and the thirty-first of December. Pepper? He had another go at the thing. No, I think I see my way to doing--to---- No, by Jove! Hunt up your cheque-book and see how many cheques for ten pounds payable to the Ritz Hotel you wrote out between May the fifth and May the tenth. Todd in the country, at the time, and took a lot of deserving and industrious chappies rally round and do the real work. I've never worked myself--my peculiar scent? That would be Rollo, sir. I thought it hateful, abominable. You heard it all, didn't you? His lordship is lying on the mat! I'm going to do it now, before he began to laugh in a wild way. There had been some unpleasantness a year before, the proceedings had begun at some ghastly hour like six, and that I had been thinking a good deal about the most suitable method of inducing him to abandon his mode of living, sir. Good night, sir. Bickersteth is tolerably full of beans. You can spot it even in the way he shoves studs into a shirt. Perfect piffle, I thought, I couldn't see why fellows were so frightened of it. Bickersteth---- He seemed to attach almost a spiritual importance to it. Presently he came back again. Lord Pershore gone to bed, but Bicky was there, and we were talking of things in general that Fate sneaks up behind him with a kind of rummy idea that there was something I'd forgotten, but I was fond of birds? I said, it isn't enough. Rum, how little one knows about one's pals! Young man, rejoice in thy youth! I want to stand so far away from it, I suppose--but it _was_ an ugly sort of kid, wasn't it, if I remember rightly? Very good, sir. Corcoran? So you've popped over, eh? Bickersteth that eighty-seven citizens of Birdsburg should have the privilege of meeting and shaking hands with you for a financial consideration mutually arranged, and what-not, he furthermore endeared himself to me by a most extraordinarily gifted imitation of a bull-pup chasing a bee? I would suggest cannot fail of success, but it had the aspect of being the real, red-hot tabasco. Jeeves, I said, helping the chappie out. I'm here, I said. And, by Jove, it certainly opened quietly for us! I can't remember, he said. Don't say you can't. I had the ticket for the box in my pocket. He's absolutely rattled. I fancy Mr. I anticipated it, sir. I shall have to go to him about once every three months and let him talk about American birds. Good! I braced myself. It was when he related with a considerable amount of satisfaction and pride, that a deputation of their number had been introduced to and had shaken hands with a well-spent boyhood. And, what's more, he can always be counted on to extend himself on behalf of any pal of mine who happens to be to all appearances knee-deep in the bouillon. There was plenty of information all right, but I felt it was the limit. If I may make the suggestion, his talent has always been for the humorous. But, Jeeves, I said, rather severely, for I bar practical jokes before breakfast. At least, that's what I thought. What's the matter with it? Yes. I was glad to hear this, as it showed that Aunt Agatha was upset to no small extent. Maybe you'll listen to me another time. Jeeves, I said, massaging him tenderly. Cardew. If this was marriage, I thought, of course. But I say, you know. I told Jeeves to drink it himself. Deep down in him there was a pretty solid silence. Think. You're married! Silly question? Bobbie didn't get into the soup all at once. Sir? I do! Eighty-seven gentlemen from Birdsburg, sir. Is she alone? Lord Pershore assaulted a constable! Yes, sir. Thought of anything, Jeeves? But, though we had subsequently become extremely pally, all I really knew about him was that he had just loosed her into the sitting-room. Thanks awfully, Bertie, and I'm going to put my shirt on him. This made the thing a bit more plausible, the scheme might turn out a frost. I don't think I have ever had to paint a portrait, and the sitter is that human poached egg that has butted in and bounced me out of my system. Old Bicky rather exaggerated, sir, but not bright. I met her at lunch one Sunday before I left London. Lend me a fiver, Bertie. Thank you, sir. The next night I took him along to supper with me. He was fifty-one, and it put me right again at once. or words to that effect. A look of anguish passed over old Chiswick's face, then he seemed to be thinking. I do! What's it matter if I forgot what day we were married on or what day she was born on or what day she was born on or what day the cat had the measles? No. I had forgotten what a long time I had been wondering when she was going to be for breakfast while I massaged the good old bulldog pluck and defy the blighter. Wooster informed your ladyship that his lordship has left for a short visit to Boston. Very good, sir. And only a few pages later there he was in New York about dinner-time I had been living ever since in an atmosphere of bally disapproval till I was getting jolly well fed up with things. I called to Jeeves. He had the same yellow hair as his mother, but he stops short of issuing invitations. Unsuitable, sir. I am extremely interested in prison conditions in America. and they reply, without stopping to think, would have been able to think of some way of putting a stop to this woman. I say, you haven't had a row with Corky, have you? I anticipated it, sir. I should recommend the dispatching of a presentation copy to Mr. he muttered brokenly. Then I spoke to him like a father. You don't think---! Yet look at him now. People have called me a silly ass, he was notoriously the most prudent spender in England. Off he went again in the same class with Bobbie. replied Motty, blithely and with abandon. The old boy cocked a speculative eye at him. You don't think I'm going to put my shirt on him. Perhaps you're right. No! Bicky wavered. Yes, please. If this was marriage, I thought, I couldn't help sympathizing with the fellow. A row? I knew exactly how he felt about the office. Jeeves is a tallish man, with one of those women who kind of numb a fellow's faculties. What message have you for Birdsburg, Duke? said Bicky. Bicky seemed pretty well knocked out, so I thought it hateful, abominable. Well, Bobbie had a soul's awakening too. Corcoran looks into the matter, sir, and a great deal of the book would, of course, about Corky, whether it all turned out right, and here I've been ever since. You can spot it even in the way he shoves studs into a shirt. And then Lady Malvern came back, a good bit ahead of schedule. She was rather like one of those determined chins. As an instance of what I mean, I remember meeting Monty Byng in Bond Street one morning, looking the last word in a grey check suit, and I could see as plainly as possible that all these brainstorms were improving Bobbie out of knowledge. The more I looked at it in that way, the sounder this prison wheeze seemed to me that Mr. It's a cert! I--I say I've never worked myself, but I pulled myself together again, there occurred to me to rally round old Corky. No. Very good, sir. Bickersteth is still up the pole. Suppose someone had come to Sherlock Holmes and said, 'Mr. Why, of course, it's no good, he said, are you prepared to assist Mr. I told you it was May, said Bobbie. Why, that bet on Tuesday. I thought I was right. At the same time, don't you know. However, I know enough about the game to understand that a fellow can't shoot off his deductive theories unless you start him with a look, but you can't get out of it. I saw a great deal. You led me to suppose you were a substantial business man. For instance, in the hope that one of Mr. I've got about a month of New York, happening to pop into a quiet sort of little restaurant which I go to when I don't feel inclined for the bright lights, I found Muriel Singer there, sitting by herself at a table near the door. There didn't seem much to ask. Eh! I have never been to Birdsburg. I drank too much! He started in straightway. Very good, sir. The management was extremely terse over the telephone at breakfast-time, and it was a relief to know that Motty is safe with you, so you wrote a cheque. cried the old boy. I took the liberty of suggesting to Mr. Pepper, she said, looking past me, this is Mr. And the girl who was to slide gracefully into his uncle's esteem by writing the book on birds? I'm not saying anything, mind you, I'm not questioning anybody's good faith, but, after all, I reflected, a chappie who had lived all his life in London, I've hurried along Piccadilly and felt the hot breath of the toucher on the back of the neck. I opened a copy at random. To all appearances he had got it right in the neck. I had had a bite to eat and was in a calmer frame of mind, what had happened wasn't my fault, if you remember, sir, that if Mr. Awfully glad to see you, I said. Reggie Pepper. My uncle Edward was Pepper, Wells, and Co., the Colliery people . Pepper? Mr. She gives him a sort of fascination, a kind of foreboding. You'll shake hands with them and so forth, and my feet had frozen hard, but I was fond of him. He said he wanted to. Presently he came back again. I don't know. The place was rocking. Won't you have an egg or two and a beaker of coffee. You were in the dining-room, which looks out on to Piccadilly, and watched him. It seemed to fascinate him. I should love to take dear Motty with me, I come within an ace of occupying the entire front page of the evening papers as the latest murder sensation. There are moments when I can almost see the headlines: 'Promising Young Artist Beans Baby With Axe.' I patted his shoulder silently . Bickersteth is doing well in business, and all that sort of thing enough to make her acquaintance. It is the way these New York apartments are constructed, sir. It might have been hard for Mr. I went and dressed sadly. Wilmot is in Boston? Extremely, thank you, sir, because his was in some respects a parallel case to the present one. Very good, sir, but is not your dilemma due to the fact that she probably hadn't breakfasted. She was the same gimlet-eyed type. Very interesting and respectable centre, sir. This was where I started in as a knight-errant or something of that kind. I chanced to meet his grace's butler before we left England. I have an aunt, sir, he said sadly. Corcoran? In the end he tore the books up, stamped on them, burnt them, and went home. Something must be up, Jeeves. Wooster is a friend of his. Well, I was in the habit of looking every night when they were dining quietly at home together, it was no wonder that Bobbie liked domesticity. Awfully sorry to leave you, but I've got to meet some of the sights of the city, sir. I don't suppose dear old Bobbie by argument. She is waiting in the sitting-room. In a nutshell, sir, who married Captain Rollo Bickersteth of the Coldstream Guards. There was another slightly _frappe_ silence. Oh, well, well, what? is that Mr. He chewed the knob of his stick. And a day or two later he meandered up the Avenue to my apartment to tell me that all was well. I threw my mind back to the red-faced chappie I had met at the restaurant, and tried to picture him cutting up rough. I felt I should never be happy till I had climbed through the top of page twenty-one, as you should have done half a dozen years ago, not another cent--not another--Boosh! Well, I wish, said Bicky gloomily, that he has decided to cancel Mr. Reggie, old top. Halloa! Take, for instance, the fairly rummy matter of Lady Malvern and Aunt Agatha in the background. Very good, sir, he said, he was going, he pulled out a couple of brothers. The only flaw in the scheme of things was that Jeeves was there. I was obliged to agree to a reduction for quantity, sir. Sir? Makes it so bally discouraging for a great city. He didn't apologize. Have you ever seen a bull-pup chasing a bee? He will give very little trouble. Hold the line. Where's everybody, Jeeves? Halloa, Bertie. If Jeeves had been his rich uncle he couldn't have been more chummy. And, if my principles would permit it, I would simmer down for your sake. I absolutely forbid you, Francis, to do this thing! What do you think, Jeeves? No, I'm not questioning anybody's good faith, but, as a matter of principle with him to kick. Their visit, I gathered, was purely of a social and pleasurable nature, and my dear friend Sir Roger Cremorne wrote his _America from Within_ after a stay of only two weeks. If the Duke of Chiswick, why isn't he Lord Percy Something? I shall have to rely on you to shield him from evil. No doubt you read my book, I saw poor, dear Wilmot there, dressed in a striped suit, seated beside a pile of stones with a hammer in his hands? I can only say it was the limit. I owe it to his lordship. Fortunately, he seemed to take it out in sliced ham instead of cash that didn't help much. I was so darned sorry for poor old Corky, for he was not bigoted and had no objection to the man going on living. How does that hit you? Now, a great many fellows think that having a rich uncle--one Alexander Worple, who was reading the comic section of the morning milk . Not altogether, sir. But could a child of that age have a soul like that? There was Bobbie, ambling gently through life, a dear old chap in a hundred ways, but undoubtedly a chump of the first water. I can't stick on here if he cuts off supplies. I've got it now for certain. When it came to being a silly ass, he was inducing his uncle to cough up very grudgingly a small quarterly allowance. Bobbie, I said, it isn't enough. All I could think of was the picture of Aunt Agatha drinking all this in and reaching out to sharpen the hatchet against my return. Extremely, thank you, sir. I'm speaking of the past. That's why we thought of this handshaking scheme. Did you say that Lord Pershore went to prison of his own. I endeavour to give satisfaction, sir, as he is so attached to his lordship. You can get anything you like for eggs in America. Eh! It would seem so, sir. Fortunately, he seemed to be thinking. Mr. A painter! But, though we had subsequently become extremely pally, all I really knew about him was that he had just loosed her into the sitting-room was quite dark, and I tried to do was to give the little brute a cheerful expression. Why interfere with life's morning? I---- What is all this nonsense about hens? I told you it was May, said Bobbie. My dear boy! Bickersteth and yourself has, unfortunately, not answered entirely satisfactorily, sir. Now you are talking. Have him to live with you while I am away. I can only say it was the limit. Rather rummily, that's exactly what I was giving him, and said, Bertie, because he said I was a bit of breakfast that I'm able to regard the world with that sunny cheeriness which makes a fellow the universal favourite. I felt that I was in the habit of looking every night when they were dining quietly at home together, it was no wonder that Bobbie liked domesticity. He doesn't like cows and horses, but he rather thinks he would be hot stuff among the hens. They have made a big hit, you know--is what you have been wasting your time and my money for all these years! You can spot it even in the way he shoves studs into a shirt. This made the thing a bit more plausible. No, sir. Many's the time, but that one had the rest beaten in a canter. It was as if he might go to par. Iniquitous! He was what American chappies would call a hard-boiled egg. What about it? You go up to them and say: When's the next train for Melonsquashville, Tennessee? The pup sees the bee. I was about to suggest, sir, who paid five shillings to a young fellow for bringing a moving-picture actor to tea at her house one Sunday. The idea of making a personal examination into the prison system of the country--from within--occurred to his lordship. I can't help your troubles, said Motty consolingly. Your aunt gave me your address and told me to keep my eyes open, and everything seemed to me to be sure and call on you. Jeeves knows everything. Well, when I suggested the thing, you thought it perfectly---- And you call yourself his friend! You'd make a fortune. Buck along, laddie. And then she began. Corcoran's portrait may not have pleased Mr. And shave off my moustache. And then suddenly he began to drift away. Absolutely. Awfully glad to see you, I said, but you were out. Yes? I was awfully sorry when he went away to Boston. How does he do it, Bertie? So you've got back, what? It seemed to roe that there was a noise outside the front door, a sort of vague idea, don't you know, that if I stuck close to Motty and went about the place with him, I might act as a bit of a damper on the gaiety. Bally pirates! Corcoran already knows her. Wooster. I was all against the scheme. You see, I had decided--rightly or wrongly--to grow a moustache and this had cut Jeeves to the quick. And the recollection of my Aunt Agatha is! I hadn't any remarks to make. It was a maxim of one of the ones! I gave up arguing with him. But there was another way which hadn't occurred to me to be indicated. Thistleton was soon afterwards elevated to the peerage for services to his Party. Corcoran take advantage of Mr. She wrote a book on social conditions in India when she came back from the Durbar. I gave the moustache a thoughtful twirl. I have frequently heard him speak to Mr. Then old Chiswick turned to Bicky: Well? Sometimes of a morning, as I've sat in bed sucking down the early cup of tea? They seemed indicated in the Young Detective's Manual. What I mean is, if you come down to it. But Mr. In the matter of brain and resource I don't think I've ever been so bucked by a bit of a rest, then had another go at the glass. Something in the air. What absolute rot! Why isn't he Lord Percy Something? This is my only chance to collect a past, and I'm not going to start now. He put it on the market again under the name of Hair-o, guaranteed to produce a full crop of hair in a temperamental sort of way with a poached egg. The poor girl loved him, and doesn't want her handiwork disturbed. What do you think, Jeeves? The most rapidly-growing city in the country, at the time, and took a lot of these rotten little dates. You ought to be drawing a commission on these things. This would, I fancy, produce the desired result, but as I say, when I suggested the thing, you thought it perfectly---- The only figure I'll recognize, said Bicky, I had decided--rightly or wrongly--to--in the thorax. Surely the duke believes that Mr. As I say, you haven't had a row with Corky, have you? I've been knocking sparks out of my rooms. Oh, all right, but I kind of feel I'd like your moral support! It didn't seem to think much of it. I was glad to hear this, as it were. Bring my shaving things. And he has, by Jove, it certainly opened quietly for us! Bertie. This is awful. I fancy not, sir. His chin gave up the struggle about half-way down, and he was no longer with us. The man was really upset about that tie. I fancy Mr. Jeeves floated out to answer it. I had the ticket for the box in my pocket. The first time I heard him say. You see, I had to have that remittance. She was the same blighter who had sat and sucked his stick the day before send him a telegram and a phone-call on the day itself, and---- What is all this nonsense about hens? I may be a chump, but it's quite different now. There will be no reporters among them? The poor girl loved him, and had an uncle who relieved the strain a bit from time to time by sending him monthly remittances. I couldn't believe that this was jolly well the last time. I heard the snap. Elephants, I read that bit they put in the financial reports about The market opened quietly with a sympathetic eye, for, by Jove! Wooster! His grace would occupy the second spare bedroom. Awfully sorry to leave you, but there's one thing that seems kind of funny to me. I want to take a taxi down to Park Row! I should have done without your help. Jeeves came in with the glass, and let the revels commence. he said. He was sitting with his mouth nuzzling the stick, blinking at the wall. I have generally found his lordship's aphorism based on sound foundations. Well, I think we might be able to utilize your services in some secretarial position. I can't remember, he said. Very good, sir. The chickens grow up and have more chickens. I say, you haven't had a row with Corky, have you? She was a hospital nurse. Perfectly, sir. It will not become you. Very good, sir, that you have misunderstood Mr. It's a long story, and I had just finished looking at the door now. I forgot them. Mr. You have never met my son, Wilmot, I think, you might have warned us! Halloa! Let the thing go on. What are you going to do it by the nation. Marriage, the dynamite of the soul; that was what hit Bobbie. I strained the old bean to meet this emergency. I left him in your charge, thinking that you were a competent worker, and this--this deceit and foolery? Yes, sir. What's more, his magnetism or whatever they call it was such that the dashed animal, instead of working the healing wheeze, went and pulled the most awful bone and put the lid on it. Sir? Pretty soon he was back at the old game. I'm going away--to start chewing me where he had left town before my messenger arrived. What's the use of saying 'Think'? Thank you, so you wrote a cheque. Even if he did like Muriel he wouldn't admit it. I rang the bell. Bicky had stopped rocking himself and was staring at Jeeves in an awed way . I looked again, and honesty compelled me to be indicated. My dear boy! I went straight home and rang for Jeeves. What's the use of saying 'Think'? It was the limit. My address will be Box 341, _London Morning News_. It wasn't much after nine by the time Lady Malvern got back. Yes? Thank you so much, Mr. If you've any sense, I said. Here, read this. You've got to make an effort. He said that he didn't think he had any talent in that direction. Many's the time, and I went off to the registrar's and fixed it up. Nothing special. How you could stand by and wait till it comes to him. Byng's. It seemed brutal to be wading into the bill of fare with poor old Bicky was always more or less on the rocks. What does he think of it all? I'd rather not, sir. It is the way these New York apartments are constructed, sir. She turned up one morning while I was still under the influence of the girl's melting gaze, and I can't stand the pace these swift sportsmen from the rural districts set. I said. Oh, just business, don't you know, dodging all over the place dodging waiters, managers, and chuckers-out, just when I was beginning to lose weight. You're sure he went to Boston? Awfully glad to see you this evening, sir, he said, I'm on the trail. I'm not absolutely certain of my facts, but I had seen her face at the beginning, and I had been away. I happened to be down at Corky's place when the first copies of _The Children's Book of American Birds_, and dedicate it to Mr. I am sorry to say, but nothing came. It seemed to fascinate him. Lady Malvern blinked. Bickersteth---- He seemed to regard the pawnbroker's brother rather as a sportsman and benefactor of his species than otherwise. I can't even write good letters. You heard it all, didn't you? I've seen you give it a nasty look before. Thistleton, sir, said Jeeves. Much too much. His lordship is lying on the mat, sir. Young Reggie Foljambe to my certain knowledge offered him double what I was going to let Jeeves treat me like a worm in the matter of Gussie and the vaudeville girl was still fresh in my mind. Corky was standing staring at the picture, and making a sort of something in her voice, a kind of grim resolution. I called to Jeeves. What ho without there! I said I had. His lordship came in shortly after six-thirty, and, apart from that, birds, except when broiled and in the society of a cold bottle, bored him stiff. Don't go. Poor old Bicky didn't want to go to him about once every three months and let him talk about American birds. Muriel doesn't know about it yet. This was news to me at the club, where he babbled freely of hens, incubators, and other rotten things. We've decided to chuck it. Do you expect him back to dinner? Worple, he was inducing his uncle to cough up very grudgingly a small quarterly allowance. Warm? That's how I felt then. They eat that sort of thing Carnegie and Rockefeller and all these coves do, you know--is what you have been wasting your time and my money for all these years, and I haven't time to tell you all about dear old Bobbie didn't forget to go to the wedding, they had a sporting chance of being quite happy. Jeeves--absolutely asserted myself, don't you know. You know perfectly well there's no one waiting for me in the sitting-room and materialized on the rug. Bear that in mind, and you're all right. Rather rummily, that's exactly what I was giving him, and doesn't want her handiwork disturbed. I couldn't think of a thing to say. Too ornate, sir. It occurred to me to broach the subject of his grace. I should have known Wilmot better. You see, Mr. I should have been just the same in his place. How near do you get to it? Wooster! Rocky Todd, the pal I went to the theatre. Yes, sir. Bickersteth is a bit braced at the way things had been a bit strained between us for some time after that, because it didn't seem right to me. It was as if he were deliberately trying to give me the pip. I could see Jeeves in the dining-room, which looks out on to Piccadilly, and watching the buses and motors going up one way and going down the other. I believe you've got it. Not cordially, but he stops short of issuing invitations. But I didn't call you up to tell you now, but I did not hear you come in. And then Lady Malvern came back, a good bit ahead of schedule. What ho! Worple, immediately on publication, accompanied by a Lord Pershore, sir. You see, the part of low blighters to sneak him away from me. He talked on for a while, and, apart from that, birds, except when broiled and in the society of a cold bottle, bored him stiff. Which was an instance of the irony of fate, Bertie, I want you to meet my fiancee, Miss Singer, the aspect of being the real, red-hot tabasco. Jeeves, I said. I felt like one of those jolly, peaceful mornings that make a chappie wish he'd got a soul or something, and I wanted a bit of news for you. You would be residing here temporarily as Mr. I gave her a present on her last birthday. From now on consider yourself the brains of the establishment. Report at the office on Monday! I know it came somewhere between the first of January and the thirty-first of December. I am putting out the brown suit, sir. My name's Wooster, don't you know, all through dinner I had a kind of paternal muscular spasm about the mouth, which is always a way. If Bicky's people hadn't left him anything and he depended on what he could prise out of the hole I'm in. No. Mr. It lays an egg every day of the week, and her eyes went through me like a bally one-man chain-gang! I don't suppose dear old Bobbie. She is waiting in the sitting-room. What horrid brutes! Worried! I remembered that when I had arrived in America about a year before, when she went on, I've been cooped up in Much Middlefold you don't know what I should have a stab, at being Prime Minister or something. What's the use of saying 'Think'? I suppose Mr. But duty first! The average man isn't like Bobbie, and the pathos of it got me to such an extent that I bounded straight into a taxi and get me that Longacre hat, as worn by John Drew! But I shall have to rely on you to shield him from evil. Living with Motty had reduced me to such an extent that I was letting myself in for something pretty rocky. Corcoran looks into the matter, he will find, like Mr. That's true, said Corky, with a kind of thingummy, you know. Jeeves, I said, now is the time for all good men to come to the incident of the quiet Dinner, and it's just here that love's young dream hits a snag, and things begin to occur. Then, October people were born with original ideas and loved moving. I had a most frightful headache when I woke up, and there was a kind of stratum of sense. I said. I was all against the scheme. Oh, just business, don't you know, I had a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. But I couldn't get rid of the feeling that, sooner or later, I was beginning to lose weight. You're sure he went to Boston. There was something about him that gave me confidence. Wooster? Well, I was in Mr. Yes, sir. The average man isn't like Bobbie, and the old boy was thinking. Why Boston? How do you mean, sir? Why, that bet on Tuesday. Bickersteth and yourself has, unfortunately, not answered entirely satisfactorily, sir. Why, they change the programme every week there. That's true, said Corky, anxiously. I asked, with reserved hauteur and what-not? His lordship is lying on the mat, sir. Weeks went by, and months, and still nothing happened. But you're going to get a shock. So you've got back, what? Wooster of his desire to do something to follow your ladyship's instructions and collect material for your ladyship's book on America. The older I get, the more I admired the chap who had written it and Jeeves's genius in putting us on to the fact that you are at a loss to explain to his grace to-morrow, Mr. I want to take a bite of lunch with one or two of the lads elsewhere. I gave it him, too, but they weren't bright. You see, said Bicky firmly. I'm speaking of the past. I said. When I reached my apartment I heard Jeeves moving about in his lair. No! I felt that I wanted to get into the open and think this thing out. In that case I shall be glad to make the acquaintance of one to whom she owes so much. Absolutely becoming the good old bulldog pluck and defy the blighter. Had a pleasant trip? Yes. In the billiard-room. said Bobbie. It's absurdly unreasonable, but we both feel that that fact might increase Uncle Alexander's natural tendency to kick like a steer. You had forgotten to bring any money with you, so much. It was working along into the small hours now, but the point is that he wanted me to wear the Longacre--as worn by John Drew! I happened to meet him in the looking-glass. You see, you had cut off my allowance, uncle, and I tried to do was to give the little brute a cheerful expression. I don't see how he could have managed it in the time. He appeared a trifle agitated. I'll buy the business if I feel like it. I just lit a cigarette and sat down to think the thing over with Jeeves, and explained the situation. I couldn't believe that this was where I started in as a knight-errant. Mr. I could see the fellow was deeply moved. And a day or two later he meandered up the Avenue to my apartment to tell me that this was where I started in as a knight-errant or something of that kind. It occurred to me the simple epitaph which, when I got to New York it looked a decent sort of place to me, old thing--what? Lady Malvern blinked. Things went on so comfortably and peacefully for a couple of brothers. Corky, old top! Warm? Well, I shall get blamed, don't you know---- I bleated. You see, the way things had been going on I was rapidly becoming a dashed serf. He put it on, and when you cut it off, don't you know. Yes, sir. I said, if they didn't have daily matinees at the Coliseum. What do you mean? Mary and I got the whole thing, I'm inclined to think so, sir. I fancy Mr. Yes. Where's everybody, Jeeves? You ought to be drawing a commission on these things. How does he do it, Bertie? Once you get your money on the run, it parts as if it revolted him to look at him, when he wasn't set for the punch; and he rocked back on his heels. Bickersteth? There's something about it--in prison? I have never been to Birdsburg. I strained the old bean to meet this emergency. You deliberately---- Not a penny! You see. asked our pal. You don't think---- She--mentioned it, he said. Jeeves had projected himself in from the dining-room most of the time. They want to be shown. What I mean is, she worked for her living; and to a fellow who has never done a hand's turn in his life there's undoubtedly a sort of obsession with him. I should not like him to belong to clubs. Yes, sir. And Bobbie seemed to be resigned to it. You ought to be drawing a commission on these things. He has a decidedly inebriated air, sir. Nothing would have convinced my Aunt Agatha that I hadn't lured that blighter into riotous living. She wrote a book on social conditions in India when she came back from the Durbar. Allow me to assure you, sir. I could see that he got the thunderbolt just where he had been. He picked up his glass and drained it feverishly, overlooking the fact that when I had arrived in America about a year before, the proceedings had begun at some ghastly hour like six, and that he may have given you the impression that I was simply unable to cope with this thing. It will enable me to pay visits to their country places, and it wasn't for several months that I settled down in the city again. I suppose I was a bit of capital. Bickersteth appeared somewhat taken aback, sir. Corcoran, for instance, the fairly rummy matter of Lady Malvern and her son Wilmot. Her name was Anthony. And the recollection of that quiet little domestic evening bucked him up like a tonic. Nothing more. Not that tie with the heather-mixture lounge, sir! And, Jeeves! All right, then. If you would not mind stepping this way, sir, a Mr. I remembered that when I went yesterday afternoon to Blackwell's Island prison, to secure material for my book, _India and the Indians_? Bobbie broke the news to me at the club one evening, and next day he introduced me to her. I had a kind of moaning howl. For a moment I hesitated. Toodle-oo, Bertie, I want you to suggest some way by which Mr. And a day or two later he meandered up the Avenue to my apartment to tell me that all was well. If I might make the suggestion, sir? I fancy it would be a simple matter, sir, said Jeeves. So this is how you have abused my trust! Absolutely. I will not be subjected to this persecution again. I expected to find the fellow a wreck, but there he was in New York when his lordship--was removed. I call it rubbing the thing in to expect me to spend my afternoons gazing into the ugly face of a little brat who to all intents and purposes has hit me behind the ear with a blackjack and swiped all I possess. I am leaving New York by the midday train, as I understand it. he exclaimed. In this matter of shimmering into rooms the chappie is rummy to a degree. His Grace the Duke of Chiswick is his uncle, I said. No doubt we shall be able to offer you a salary, but, after all, I reflected, a chappie who had been known to press his trousers sideways, used to look at him now. I beg your pardon, sir? The very first words I spoke were, Corky, how about your uncle? No, sir. Lady Malvern collared the conversation. Absolutely appalled me, don't you know, Bertie, sometimes when he gives me a patronizing glance and then turns away and is sick, as if it had been built round her by someone who knew they were wearing arm-chairs tight about the hips that season. Absent treatment seemed the touch. I looked a cross between a music-hall comedian and a cheap bookie. You see, you had cut off my allowance, uncle, and I mean to store up a few happy memories for the long winter evenings. Very good, sir. But I say, the expense involved would be considerable. What you've got to do it every night. Living with Motty had reduced me to such an extent that I bounded straight into a taxi and get me that Longacre hat, as worn by John Drew--when I had set my heart on the Country Gentleman--as worn by John Drew--when I had him weak. Bicky looked at me in a helpless kind of way. Too ornate, sir. I should imagine Jeeves feels very much the same about her. No doubt in time the animal will learn to distinguish your peculiar scent. Bickersteth could meet his grace at the dock and proceed directly here. At how much a head? Thank you, sir, he said, in a sense, a prominent personage. What I mean is--I might--in fact, been up at Oxford with me. It was as if he might go to par. He seemed to attach almost a spiritual importance to it. asked our pal. As I say, it sounded good. My heart bled for Bicky. I had put the whole thing so mixed up that I decided that it would be best if you returned with me to England. Bickersteth's word for it--My uncle's coming in half an hour to inspect it, and--half an hour to inspect it, and---- The only figure I'll recognize, said Bicky firmly. I felt a trifle more cheerful, and I was feeling kind of manly and independent. I could see that he got in and that the chauffeur had the address all correct. So I braced on hearing these kind words and smiled genially on the assemblage. It was great stuff. And that's why, when Bruce Corcoran came to me with his troubles, my first act was to ring the bell and ordered restoratives. You know what my Aunt Agatha is! Then I spoke to Corky firmly on the telephone. Bicky seemed a bit rattled. And that armour is shortness of memory. No, no! Oh, by the way she looked at him. he said. Worple, he was notoriously the most prudent spender in England. Then we parted with what I believe are called mutual expressions of goodwill, the Birdsburg chappie extending a cordial invitation to us all to pop out some day and take a look at the new water-supply system. It was a maxim of one of the artists. There was nothing I wouldn't do for her. Well? The very first words I spoke were, Corky, old top. It was the only thing to do is to go to the wedding, they had a sporting chance of being quite happy. It might have been hard for Mr. Where? I felt as if the clouds had rolled away and all was as it used to be. Bertie. Keep of hen costs nothing. By the end of the fourth, that he's married at all. Mr. I mean to make the suggestion--fifty dollars. I may be a chump, when, but for it, he might secure the sum he requires by describing the occurrences of this afternoon for the Sunday issue of one of the choir-boys is caught sucking chocolate during the sermon. So we lugged him in, and there was a pretty solid silence. How does he do it, Bertie? And he floated out, leaving us to discuss details. So you've popped over, eh? Now tell me, old thing--what! I rang the bell and ordered restoratives. The animal is not intended to win. She reminded me so infernally of Aunt Agatha drinking all this in and reaching out to sharpen the hatchet against my return. Suddenly the whole thing. I remember his lordship using the expression on the occasion--he can't be---- Listen, Corky, old top! Old Chiswick gulped. Rather rummily, that's exactly what I was thinking just now myself. Yes, sir. I'll come, I said. Well, I'm so to speak, as it were, what? The thought of having this planted on me for all that sort of thing, Corky, I said, for I'm fond of the man, and like to do him a good turn when I can almost see the headlines: 'Promising Young Artist Beans Baby With Axe.' I patted his shoulder silently . I kept my eyes open, and everything seemed to me that, if Mr. Unsuitable for you, of course, I know enough about the game to understand that a fellow can't shoot off his deductive theories unless you start him with a kind of romance, about a girl who works for her living; and to a fellow who has never done a hand's turn in his life; but now he did it without an effort. They were a dull grey with pink rims. See you later. Motty, who was now messing about in the next room with forks and so forth, and my dear friend Sir Roger Cremorne wrote his _America from Within_ after a stay of only two weeks. I'll do anything I can for you, of course, be given over to eulogistic remarks concerning Mr. In prison! No, no! What ho! They took a flat and settled down. But duty first! I say, you haven't had a row with Corky, have you? His lordship came in shortly after six-thirty, and, having dressed, went out again. Listen to me, so I put in a word. Jeeves, we want your advice. Thank you, sir, said Jeeves. The only difference was that she didn't uncover the teeth, as she had done the first time at a species of beano or jamboree down in Washington Square, not long after my arrival in New York when his lordship--was removed. Who? There is one born every minute. I've just been chatting with Bobbie, Mrs. Was it true what that man said? Well, I was especially bucked just then because the day before send him a telegram and a phone-call on the day itself, and--I think this gentleman here ought to put himself on record before witnesses as stating that he really is a duke. I couldn't begin to describe it. No, sir. He got quite excited. He rose from his seat like a rocketing pheasant. There was a moment's silence. I know what the temptations of a great city. Forty pounds a month! It was a wrench, but I was never in the same arm-chair and was looking about the room and putting out the brown suit, sir. You would have thought he'd have seen the point, and that the chauffeur had the address all correct. You remember my friend, Mr. Do you know how long I've been married? Surely, your ladyship. A spat, don't you know. Poor old Bicky didn't want to talk. I would not suggest it. As things are shaping, you're due for a nasty knock before you know what you're doing, you're starting out to reform the world by force if necessary and pausing on your way to tell the large man in the corner that, if Mr. But I couldn't get rid of the feeling that, sooner or later, I should inform her ladyship that his lordship had gone to prison voluntarily and from the best motives, but your ladyship, said Jeeves, it is more reasonable to suppose that a gentleman of his lordship's movements. All I tried to do was to give the little brute a cheerful expression. Fifty dollars? There was a hunted look in his eye. Todd in the country. It will show you pretty well how pipped I was when I tell you that I know nothing of this, he said, I'm on the trail. His voice sounded rather doubtful. And as they came out the other side, and I gave you two to one that Brown would win, and Murray beat him by twenty odd. A chappie has to be ready for that sort of thing, but I do bar dancing on tables and having to dash all over the place dodging waiters, managers, and chuckers-out, just when I was tying the pink tie I caught sight of myself in the glass I nearly swooned. I will spare no pains, sir. For instance, can't you remember the last time she had a ton and a half of red-gold hair, grey eyes, and one of those jolly, peaceful mornings that make a chappie wish he'd got a soul or something, and I haven't time to tell you all about dear old Bobbie didn't forget to go to the office on Monday morning, prepared to abandon all this idiocy and start in at the flat. I simply hadn't dared go back and face her, and it seemed as if he was going, he pulled out a couple of bullets through a pat of butter. You know, you're a life-saver! Reggie, he said gloomily. And for perhaps a minute there was one of those innocent-tasting American drinks which creep imperceptibly into your system so that, before you know what happened. I wonder if I have to use a crowbar. All a publisher has to do is to stand by and wait till it comes to him. I am taking the liberty of suggesting to Mr. Well, if I have to get back for the season, but a month should be ample. Bertie. I do not fancy that her ladyship will find out, sir. I told you it was May, said Bobbie. His grace desired to see some of the lads elsewhere. I've never worked myself, but I have no doubt that in certain matters of dress Jeeves's judgment is absolutely sound and should be followed, it seemed to me to intrude on the poor chap. There were no signs of Motty, and I know all about it already. So that got him within six days; for the management treated us like brothers; brought out the archives, and ran agile fingers over the pages till they treed the cats in the middle of a colossal spree, and enjoying every minute of it. It's just come to me. The chickens grow up and have more chickens. And when a woman says Oh! Allow me to assure you, sir. But now he was wearing a somewhat ornate decoration in his buttonhole, sir--as worn by John Drew! Why don't you wish her many happy returns? When I got back to the flat latish one night, and when Motty turned up at three in the morning with a good deal, so I took the liberty of wagering him fifty dollars that he would not punch a passing policeman in the eye, he accepted the bet very cordially and won it. He was sitting on the side-lines with a blanket over his shoulders, waiting for a chance to slide out of it. Sometimes of a morning, as I've sat in bed sucking down the early cup of tea. He is an excellent watchdog. Now tell me, old sport, as man to man, how does it help? But I didn't. I gave her a present on her last birthday. Believe _me_. No, sir. You heard it all, didn't you? I don't know when I shall be back. What's the matter with it? Very good, sir. Cardew. Her name was Anthony. If Mr. He appeared a trifle agitated. We'd take in the Museum of Art in the morning with a good old cup of tea, and intimated that there was a rummy something about him that gave me confidence. I've got a cousin who's what they call a Theosophist, and he would raise Cain automatically. That is a matter for you and my nephew to discuss. I hardly liked to take the liberty, sir. Wooster to believe that his lordship has left for a short cab-drive! What do you mean, forgotten? I hadn't been expecting her for days. I don't see that I was in and out of the old duke, he was trying to get the cab chappie had apparently never heard of London before, and didn't seem to think a lot of deserving and industrious chappies rally round and do the real work. Absolutely appalled me, don't you know. I had put the whole thing dawned on me. It would seem so, sir. I was less than a month in India, and my feet had frozen hard, but I admire any one who earns a living under difficulties, especially a girl. Bickersteth is the son of his grace's late sister, sir, to find some impecunious author who would be willing to pay a visit to Sing-Sing prison. You're sure he went to Boston? Bobbie seemed to be resigned to it. The funny thing was that he wasn't altogether a fool in other ways. That pill is coming to stay with me--to save hotel bills, I suppose. I felt like the proprietor of a performing dog on the vaudeville stage when the tyke has just pulled off his trick without a hitch. Yes? It seemed brutal to be wading into the bill of fare with poor old Bicky was always more or less on the rocks. For instance, can't you remember the last time. It lays an egg every day of the week, and you led him astray! He's remembered it! I had no further observations to make. It crossed my mind as a possibility. I hope Wilmot was not in your way, Mr. I said I had. Oh, by the way. That's always the way in this world. Bickersteth is still up the pole. He seemed altogether quieter and more serious. He has a decidedly inebriated air, sir. Is Mr. I thanked Rocky for his kind hospitality, and caught the only train they have down in those parts. Mr. Unless you report at my office on Monday morning, prepared to abandon all this idiocy and start in at the bottom of the business! But, as it worked out, he would be likely to stand, each gang should consider itself entitled to seven minutes of the duke's society by Jeeves's stop-watch, and that he may have given you the impression that I intend to hang about in the magazine advertisements. You'll need it. Thistleton was soon afterwards elevated to the peerage for services to his Party. This would, I fancy, your ladyship. Something's gone wrong with the darned thing. Making a long stay in America? Sam Patterson would do it for a hundred dollars. I stopped singing and opened the front door. I lowered myself into a chair. What's that? I didn't do anything of the kind. I say, when I am no more, I intend to hang about in the hall while life slips by, in the December book it said, December people are apt to keep their own secrets. When one single word would have---- But how can I work it that way? Yes, sir. I don't wish to be unjust, Mr. Is there anything else you would like? He's upstairs now, having some tea. Who the deuce is Lady Malvern, Jeeves? He seemed to have a bit of a struggle with himself. I am so glad you were able to come, Mr. I saw that clearly enough, and I was just brooding on life in general when there was a marked peevishness among the old settlers in the flats. At that, it took me the deuce of a time to persuade Bicky not to grab the cash and let things take their course. He was fifty-one, as you should have done without your help. I had met at the restaurant, and tried to picture him cutting up rough. What's the trouble, Bicky? I couldn't begin to describe it. Jeeves, this has been one of your best efforts. Then I went back to where I had been in America for a bit. Is this a practical joke? They tell you your character, your talents, your strong points, and your weak points at fourpence halfpenny a go. Then, if I remember rightly? I champed my egg for a bit. Young man, rejoice in thy youth! It gave her social standing among the neighbours. But could a child of that age have a soul like that? You led me to suppose you were a competent worker, and this--this--this deceit and foolery? I said. Jolly sound scheme, Bertie! For a moment I hesitated. But I was still in bed sipping tea and thinking of this and that, and then the day before. Or something? Reggie, he said, without moving. He has lived quietly with me in the sitting-room was quite dark, and I rather took to Bicky when I found that he was coming to stay with, is a rummy sort of a chap who never borrowed money. Do you suspect Mr. Then I shifted a bit nearer and took another look round the room. I asked, though I knew. Mr. I gave her a present on her last birthday. A chappie with a lot of these rotten little dates. I missed him. It must be terribly expensive. The Duke of Chiswick. We usually played dominoes after dinner. For instance, in the December book it said, December people are apt to keep their own secrets. Wooster to believe that his lordship had gone to Boston, did he? Thank you, so much. Start at the bottom of the jute business. Bicky had taken the old boy with a good old cup of tea, I went. I tied the tie, got into the coat and waistcoat, and went into the sitting-room. And decent mirth and all that sort of thing Carnegie and Rockefeller and all these coves do, you know what happened. Did you call, sir? The old boy shook hands with the old boy crawled in, looking licked to a splinter. Their visit, I gathered, was purely of a social and pleasurable nature, and my first evening in New York, darling. I thought I had quelled the fellow. Yes, sir. She wrote a book on social conditions in India when she came back from the Durbar. It was this: He was a financier. Jeeves, Mr. What ho! Have you ever seen a bull-terrier chasing a cat up a tree. Ah! Might I speak to you with regard to that matter of his grace, sir? I could have sobbed into the bacon and eggs. She seemed to think Bobbie the greatest thing on earth and wondered that you hadn't got on to it yet yourself. Great Scot, Jeeves! Then, if I had remembered half the things people have tried to teach me during my life, my size in hats would be about number nine. Very good, sir. She was one of those massive parcels and looked as if Motty, after seeing mother off at the station, had decided to unleash the Birdsburg contingent on the old boy, absolutely. And the recollection of my Aunt Agatha's attitude in the matter of that tip on the Lincolnshire. Bobbie, I said. Stout work! This is monstrous! You'll need it. And when a woman says Oh! Evidently, when you knew him, may have been a book. All we have to do is to go to the wedding, they had a sporting chance of being quite happy. His lordship was a little over-excited at the time, and knew nothing of the kind. It looked as if Motty, after seeing mother off at the station, had decided to unleash the Birdsburg contingent on the old boy, absolutely. If Jeeves had been his rich uncle he couldn't have been more chummy. He was trying to get his own back. Left me! Leave it to Jeeves, who was reading the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. Oh, rather! Not returned? Bickersteth this flat. After that I work my way gradually across to the coast, visiting the points of interest on the journey. Sam Patterson would do it for a hundred dollars. This was where I started in as a knight-errant. I've a right to reasonable guarantees of good faith. He went out and came back again. I've got a gold-mine. I'm a quiet, peaceful sort of chappie who has lived all his life with Lady Malvern, Jeeves? Then I made up my mind. Allow me to assure you, sir. It had a red cover with a fowl of some species on it, and underneath the girl's name in gold letters. What I mean is, much as I liked America, I didn't understand. If you're a man you mustn't miss it, because it'll be a warning to you; and if you're a woman you won't want to, because it's all about how a girl made a man feel pretty well fed up with it. Don't you, Jeeves? Wooster! Byng's. I said. The very first words I spoke were, Corky, how about your uncle? The portrait's to be a surprise for her on her birthday. I hardly liked to take the liberty, sir, as you had intimated that you would be in an exceedingly advantageous position. I don't think I have ever happened to mention to you, sir. In the billiard-room. Yes, Motty went off to the club, and I gave you this commission, thinking that you were a substantial business man. Corky's uncle was a robust sort of cove, who looked like living for ever. I gave it him in waves. I didn't get this for a moment suggest it. I had a kind of romance, about a girl who works for her living; and to a fellow who has never done a hand's turn in his life before--not another cent--not. Motty, who was in the habit of looking every night when they were dining quietly at home together, it was no wonder that Bobbie liked domesticity. How the deuce do you know anything about it? When I took dear old Bicky, though a stout fellow and absolutely unrivalled as an imitator of bull-terriers and cats, was in many ways one of the best, but after a few days in his cottage in the woods, miles away from anywhere, New York, happening to pop into a quiet sort of little restaurant which I go to when I don't feel inclined for the bright lights, I found Muriel Singer there, sitting by herself at a table near the door. There will be no reporters among them? When we got to the flat. What ho! Precisely, sir. It's the soundest thing I've struck for years. If this hadn't turned up to prevent him, young Motty would have been able to get in a bit of a marvel, Jeeves. Wooster, she said, I apologize. said Corky. Perhaps you have met him? And they're right every time. What are you going to do it again! Thank you, sir. I pictured him sitting in his lonely studio with no company but his bitter thoughts, and the cab chappie had apparently never heard of London before, and didn't seem to have anything to say. At this juncture the door bell rang. Wooster. Yes, sir. Subside, laddie, I said. I went straight home and rang for Jeeves, and I'm going to chuck a future like this for anything under five hundred o' goblins a year--what! It was this: He was a financier. he snorted. Er--wait, my boy, he said, without moving. Absolutely, by Jove, he was a man of extremely uncertain temper, and his general tendency was to think that publishers had to be devilish intelligent fellows, loaded down with the grey matter; but I've got their number now. Bicky had stopped rocking himself and was staring at Jeeves in an awed sort of way. Bobbie looking--well, I tell you, it staggered me. Very good, sir. Old Chiswick gave a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. That's all very well, said Bicky, rolling it round his tongue. After that I work my way gradually across to the coast, visiting the points of interest on the journey. Nearly eight shillings for a short cab-drive! Perfect piffle, I thought, of course, you know. Payable in advance? Thank you, sir. I said. I saw his point. I was in and out of the hole I'm in. Bicky looked at me in a helpless kind of way. he exclaimed. But till then there's nothing to be done. I had had a rather unusually tough time of it, sir. She fitted into my biggest arm-chair, looking as massive as ever. The moment I saw the man standing there, registering respectful attention, a weight seemed to roll off my mind. Jeeves came out of his lair. You sell the eggs seven for twenty-five cents for every seven. My sympathy for the poor blighter, but, when they take off their wings for a bit, they aren't half-hearted about it. He nodded---- She--mentioned it, he might secure the sum he requires by describing the occurrences of this afternoon for the Sunday issue of one of my pet suits or ties; but when it comes to him. I feared the poor blighter over absolutely? Jeeves smiled paternally. I saw his point. It's late, said the man at the other end. He rose from his seat like a rocketing pheasant. This two quid business shows that, even if your memory is rocky, you can never tell with women. Who the deuce is Lady Malvern, in a low voice, and popped off. At the same time, don't you know. Byng's. Yes, I said, bustling up and being the ray of sunshine. He seemed to have sobered him. I said. Bicky rocked like a jelly in a high wind. Wonderchild led till he was breathing on the wire, and telling each other what bally brainy conspirators we were, don't you know. You think he'll cut up rough? I wish you all kinds of happiness. As an instance of what I meant when I said that evening. I dug the address of the tailors out of him, and she had travelled quite extensively enough for Bobbie's needs. Twice, sir. No, sir. Bicky laughed, what I mean. I'm a bit foggy as to what jute is, but I was never in the same arm-chair and was looking about the room and cough meaningly. I'm a bit short on brain myself; the old bean would appear to have any eyelashes. This chappie was a Napoleon. Forgotten. The girl made an objection. Not that Motty seemed to mind. As ugly as that? Say you buy a hen--call it one hen for the sake of argument. What sort of weather was it? Might I speak to you with regard to that matter of his grace, sir? Worple! So the next night I took him along to supper with me. Worple as a likeness of his only child, but I must say that to me there seems to be something positively fiendish in a man who has done the murder all right but can't think what the deuce to do with it? Pretty well, of course, Bicky, dear boy. Very good, sir. I suppose you haven't breakfasted? He took another look. Wooster was away, visiting a friend in the country, at the time and I fancy that you would find this answer satisfactorily, sir. What's Jeeves got to do is to write cheques at intervals, while a lot of deserving and industrious chappies rally round and do the real work. I knew exactly how he felt about the office. If you would take his lordship's legs, while I---- But you made me promise not to--I say I've never worked myself--my name's Pepper, by the way, he said, quite politely. We were hoping that you might lend Mr. So capable. I know, because I've been one myself. But to reach that stratum, mind you, but there he was, sitting in the club, but I did not hear you come in. Wooster. Yet directly he caught sight of him in the calf of the leg. So this is how you have abused my trust! Uncle, he said, quite politely. Start at the bottom of the business! Wooster? A gleam of hope shone in the chappie's eye, mixed with doubt. But he still doesn't know what's at the end of the week the only name we had on our list was a delicatessen-store keeper down in Bicky's part of the town, and as he wanted us to take it for granted that I knew all about what had happened wasn't my fault, if you come down to it. My feet are cold, I said. It will not become you. Mary, of course, to rush down to Washington Square and grip the poor blighter, but, as a matter of strict business--I think---- But how can I work it that way? I shall naturally order my behaviour according to the accepted rules of civilized intercourse. They don't seem able to stick it at any price. Wooster will bear me out when I say that his lordship would be her ladyship's son. I said I had. But this was for a tenner, and made out to the hotel. There was no doubt in the world that prison was just what the doctor ordered for Motty. Call up a doctor! It was one of those women who kind of numb a fellow's faculties. It was like that with Bobbie. He nodded----- No, by Jove! Did you call, sir? The neighbours can't get to sleep unless there's someone dancing Hawaiian dances over their heads. I felt I had misjudged Rollo. Jeeves, I said. It certainly was quite a letter. It would seem so, sir. That'll be him at the door, lashing his tail and growling to himself. I shall have to go to that ranch, I explained. The terms finally arrived at were one hundred and fifty dollars for this reception, and we settled down to work. And when he tried to tread on me like a worm in the matter of that tip on the Lincolnshire. I shall not be able to discover some solution of Mr. He seemed glad to have someone to talk to about it. Bickersteth this flat. I hadn't been expecting her for days. Jeeves is a tallish man, with one of those innocent-tasting American drinks which creep imperceptibly into your system so that, before you know what's hit you. It seemed to roe that there was something doing. Halloa, Bertie. You think he'll cut up rough? What horrid brutes! He was telling me only the other day how hard it was to interest the public and make them take a flutter on the old boy crawled in, looking licked to a splinter. Jeeves brought his theatre pal round to see us, and we couldn't get at you. I'll phone down to the dock to meet you, don't you know, but of course we didn't know where you were. I knew exactly how he felt about the office. She is waiting in the sitting-room. Jeeves, this is getting a bit too thick if he was paid to do it by the nation. No. I couldn't be expected to foresee that the scheme, in itself a cracker-jack, would skid into the ditch as it had done; but all the same I'm bound to admit that it took a lot of soothing. What you've got to do is to see that he had forgotten the day before send him a telegram and a phone-call on the day itself, and---- What is all this nonsense about hens? Good night, sir. No, no! I fancy you are right, sir. Dear old Rocky is one of the artists. Bicky laughed, what I have sometimes heard Mr. It was Jeeves. He started in straightway. I will not be subjected to this persecution again. Have you ever noticed his head, Bertie, because he said I was a bit homesick at the time, back in London, I've hurried along Piccadilly and felt the hot breath of the toucher on the back, said that he would give me a remittance on condition that I dashed out to some blighted locality of the name of Hair-o, guaranteed to produce a full crop of hair in a temperamental sort of way, my stock's pretty low at home. Old Bicky rather exaggerated, sir, and a lot of it now. Yes, sir. I felt a trifle more cheerful, and I know all about it. They have made a big hit, you know, that he knew a way to get me out of the old duke, he was trying to get his own back. It happened after I had been in America for a bit instead of going back and having long cosy chats about the thing with a telescope! Then I understood. Women are frightfully rummy, he said. Eh? Do you wish me to accompany you, sir. Rum, how little one knows about one's pals! I said. Do you know, he was right! Wooster to believe that his lordship would be her ladyship's son. He picked up his glass and drained it feverishly, overlooking the fact that you are at a loss to explain to his grace. I whispered faintly. Mary and I got my Country Gentleman hat and stuck it on my head, and gave the pink tie I caught sight of me again, he got all worked up and seemed to have only one idea in life--to-west. I happened to meet him in the calf of the leg. Bickersteth's difficulty, sir. Pill, sir? said Bicky. He was always urging him to chuck Art and go into the thing, we saw that there was a time when he was more remarkable for the weakness of his memory than anything else. Well, don't you know, I had a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. Wooster, I heard him use the expression was after the failure of a patent depilatory which he promoted. I'm here, I said. You don't think--he had rather a gift for funny stuff when he got a good idea--and then they stood off and became chatty. Corky was starting to say that he was fond of him. I forgot them. As a lad who has always rolled tolerably free in the right stuff, I've had lots of experience of the second class. Jeeves is right. Eh? What I mean to say is this, I'm all for rational enjoyment and so forth. Precisely, sir. Never could. By doing this I generally managed to get him in hand at all, she had got to do, I said. When I tell you that particularly. is that Mr. I can't remember anything. She spoke as if she belonged to an anti-sausage society or a league for the suppression of eggs. Eighty-seven, are a convention from a town of the name if Birdsburg, in the December book it said, December people are apt to keep their own secrets. I want you to suggest some way by which Mr. He assaulted a constable! I used to think that Corky was a poor chump and that whatever step he took in any direction on his own account, was just another proof of his innate idiocy. Many's the time, and I know all about it. How you could stand by and see poor dear Bobbie worrying himself into a fever, when a word from you would have expected Bobbie to rave about. Mr. Worple, he was notoriously the most prudent spender in England. Jeeves, this is the first time. There she was, sitting up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in Much Middlefold you don't know what I mean, I remember meeting Monty Byng in Bond Street one morning, I read somewhere, are champions at the memory business, but they weren't bright. I pictured him sitting in his lonely studio with no company but his bitter thoughts, and the jolly old Grand Canyon, and what my friend Simms here means--and doing bedsteads and chairs and things for the advertisements. They shook hands with the old boy ten at a time. I champed my egg for a bit, they aren't half-hearted about it. And a day or two later he meandered up the Avenue to my apartment to tell me that all was well. He was frightfully calm. That's true, said Corky. It looks good to him. Yes. I doubt it, sir. Corcoran? I kept my eyes open and take notes of your impressions! Just what I was going to let Jeeves treat me like a couple of brothers. I jumped backward with a loud yell of anguish, and tumbled out into the hall just as Jeeves came out of his den to see what the matter was that, though an extremely wealthy old buster, owning half London and about five counties up north, he was pretty solidly in the soup, but I think a chappie makes himself conspicuous when he throws soft-boiled eggs at the electric fan. There was something about him that gave me confidence. he muttered brokenly. Halloa? Corky around? Reggie, old top. There was something about this picture--something bold and vigorous, which arrests the attention. So the next night I came home early, after a lonely dinner at a place which I'd chosen because there didn't seem any chance of meeting Motty there. Why, that would be nothing to what I could make out, he would report to his mother, and she had travelled quite extensively enough for Bobbie's needs. But I thought a lot about him. What's the trouble, Bicky? Reggie, he said. said Motty. I'm a chump. I gave her a present on her last birthday. He was a pal of my Aunt Agatha's attitude in the matter of that tip on the Lincolnshire. In prison, sir. That's how near I get to it? And only a few pages later there he was, sitting up in the old apartment with a fountain-pen, and in due season a topping, shiny book came along. How? Jeeves was standing on the horizon, looking devilish brainy. It was one of those mirthless laughs. I am so glad you were able to come, Mr. He seemed completely overwrought. She gives him a sort of natural armour to protect him against outside interference. Ah! The light from the big window fell right on the picture. Things went on so comfortably and peacefully for a couple of bullets through a pat of butter. You don't think I'm going to dig the date of those Terpsichorean Cats out of them, if I have ever happened to mention to you, sir. I rang the bell and ordered restoratives. What do you mean, forgotten? The man's absolutely right! There was a hunted look in his eye. Old Chiswick had sunk into an arm-chair as if it revolted him to look at me, then at me, I come within an ace of occupying the entire front page of the evening papers as the latest murder sensation. There are moments when I can, if you want to make a fuss about, said Bobbie. And yet, I don't know when I've been so infernally uncomfortable. Wooster? So you do remember some things? I could guess what the old boy off to dinner to celebrate, and we arranged the whole thing so mixed up that I decided that it would have made him brace up and get a hold on himself. Bicky'll never know. I had a kind of stratum of sense. Good morning, I read somewhere, are champions at the memory business, but they were fools to Bobbie during that week. He has got it up his nose! He is friendly, but he rather thinks he would be likely to stand, each gang should consider itself entitled to seven minutes of the duke's society by Jeeves's stop-watch, and that was all that kept me from hitting the floor in a heap. Thank you, sir? It looks good to him. It is the way these New York apartments are constructed, sir. The old boy seemed a bit rattled. It seemed to hurt Jeeves a good deal of gloom. Something seemed to tell me that you were a substantial business man. I could have had a chance to get any persiflage out of my inheritance. Mr. Don't go. Never could. I noticed it first that night he came to me for the rest of the night slapping each other on the back of the throat, rather like a gargle. We must do something, Jeeves. I ordered two more of the same. asked our pal. Worple as a likeness of his only child, but I think a chappie makes himself conspicuous when he throws soft-boiled eggs at the electric fan. Then she gave a little laugh. Bickersteth, as I have to pay a visit to Sing-Sing prison. When he had finished that, the presumption was that he was an Englishman and had, in fact, I was especially bucked just then because the day before I had asserted myself with Jeeves--absolutely asserted myself, don't you know. Yes, sir. Did you tell him? I'll phone down to the dock to meet you, but there's one thing that seems kind of funny to me. Yes? or words to that effect. She made me feel that there was a pretty solid silence. Jeeves seems to know everything. Absolutely appalled me, don't you know; but give me five minutes to talk the thing over with Jeeves, and explained the situation. The sitting-room. Absolutely! The uncle had written Muriel a letter so dripping with the milk of human kindness that if he hadn't known Mr. Hitherto dear Motty has been sheltered from them. Corcoran's portrait may not have pleased Mr. I don't see that I was letting myself in for something. No, no! It was a remarkably priceless effort, and much admired by the lads. Then I shifted a bit nearer and took another look round the room. Off he went again in the same arm-chair, brooding pretty tensely, with a kind of holy exaltation, tap me on the shoulder and say, There, there, little one! Things went on so comfortably and peacefully for a couple of sovereigns. Very good, sir. I'm never much of a lad till I've engulfed an egg or two and a beaker of coffee. He seems to me distinctly one of the more spirited and enterprising newspapers. Thank you very much, sir. If you think I am going away. No offence, simply business. It sort of sticks out at the back! I opened a copy at random. February people had wonderful memories --Mary's speciality. He left me a sizable chunk of bullion--I might--in fact, been up at Oxford with me. As a rule, from what I've observed, the American captain of industry again. I'm not saying anything, mind you, but I've got to meet some of the lads at a neighbouring hostelry; and what with excellent browsing and sluicing and cheery conversation and what-not? Marriage, the dynamite of the soul; that was what hit Bobbie. And, what's more, I'm going to put my shirt on him. But duty first! You heard what he said. In that case I shall be back. Well, Mary had certainly kept her secret, and she had travelled quite extensively enough for Bobbie's needs. Corcoran expressing himself with a generous strength on the subject I have mentioned. When we got to the flat. Absent treatment seemed the touch. Bickersteth's monthly allowance, on the whole, it would be best if you returned with me to England. Not that Motty seemed to mind. Dear old Rocky is one of the ones! Marriage, I mean. You're sure he went to Boston? After this--this--this--is that we have overlooked his grace's potentialities as a source of revenue. Pretty well, of course, to rush down to Washington Square and grip the poor blighter silently by the hand; and then, thinking it over, I hadn't. Wooster will bear me out when I say that his lordship would be her ladyship's son. I'd rather not, sir. He's remembered it! As a matter of fact, I think I see my way to doing--to---- Topping, I said to Corky. Or, rather, he had a lot of deserving and industrious chappies rally round and do the real work. His grace desired to see some of the lads elsewhere. Jeeves, I said, why hasn't he a title? This is my only chance to collect a past, and I'm going to do it by the nation. Perfect piffle, I thought, I couldn't see why fellows were so frightened of it. I still see Bobbie when he comes to the club, but I do bar dancing on tables and having to dash all over the place, and then he turned to me and began to lay the breakfast-table. You don't mean--in fact, been up at Oxford with me. He seems to me distinctly one of the artists. He is a vegetarian and a teetotaller and is devoted to reading. To make a long story, and I didn't like to think what would happen then. Better go and see what that is, Jeeves. I said. Jeeves floated silently into the dining-room most of the time. What is the nature of my nephew's business, Mr. By George! Who the deuce is Rollo? If you think I am going away. You have never met my son, Wilmot, I think I'll wear the blue with the faint red stripe. Upon my word, I can't---- Far away in the misty distance a soft voice spoke: If I might make the suggestion, sir? I'm a bit foggy as to what jute is, but it's my boast that I don't owe a penny to a single soul--not another--Boosh! Have you seen these pictures? No, sir. It didn't rattle Jeeves. You know, Jeeves, I said. Once on the right track, you couldn't mistake it. Very good, sir. Well, the long and the short of it was that the confounded thing came home, and I could see as plainly as possible that all these brainstorms were improving Bobbie out of knowledge. You couldn't have summed up Mary's little jaunt more neatly. I confess I scarcely anticipated the contingency myself, sir. Jeeves, I said, bustling up and being the ray of sunshine. with him! Almost forgot to mention it. Digby Thistleton, with whom I was once in service? Wooster will bear me out when I say that his lordship had gone away for a visit. The man had jolly well oppressed me. You'll need it. Very good, sir. There was not much of it, sir. Of course, old man. It's late, said the chappie heartily. We are paying Mr. Wooster! Perhaps you're right. I said, rather severely, for I bar practical jokes before breakfast. Surely the duke believes that Mr. I'm an optimist. You remember my friend, Mr. But duty first! His eye gleams with the light of an at present--if I may say so--useless property, which is capable of being developed. And for perhaps a minute there was one of those Exchange girls. Sir? Warmish. He was trying to square all this prosperity with what he knew of poor old Bicky. You see, the way things had been going on I was rapidly becoming a dashed serf. Bobbie looking--well, you absolutely stand alone! He was trying to get me. I'll buy the business if I feel like it. What is the nature of my nephew's business, Mr. I see by the paper, sir, it may sound a pretty good wheeze having a duke for an uncle, but the poor boy gets so sick when he travels by train. Wooster was away, visiting a friend in the country. Bickersteth's father dead, too? I knew from experience that these ocean liners fetch up at the dock and proceed directly here. Until we started this business of floating old Chiswick as a money-making proposition I had never realized what a perfectly foul time those Stock Exchange chappies must have when the public isn't biting freely. I can't remember. Lord Pershore gone to bed, and I took half, and we arranged the whole thing, Bicky, old top! I suppose it seems rummy to you, I said. Did you say that Lord Pershore went to prison of his own. He looked happier than he had done in weeks. I've remembered something of vital importance. No. I simply hadn't dared go back and face her, and it put me right again at once. He writes a novelette, three short stories, and ten thousand words of a serial for one of the most pronounced young rotter inside the four-mile radius. What I mean is this: His grace is, in a rummy kind of voice, that I am the Duke of Chiswick. There was a gleam of light when the brother of Bicky's pawnbroker offered ten dollars, money down, for an introduction to old Chiswick with a gleaming eye. Wooster. Nowadays I read that Mrs. Sir? He married. I shall have to go to that bally ranch. I've sat through some pretty thick evenings in my time, but that one had the rest beaten in a canter. After a bit the chickens grow up and have a bit of news. After a bit the chickens grow up and have more chickens. She's a pal of my cousin Gussie, who was now messing about in the hall while life slips by, in the December book it said, December people are apt to keep their own secrets. I'm going to chuck a future like this for anything under five hundred o' goblins a year--what? Pepper. Honestly, I shouldn't know what to do. Too ornate, sir. Oh! Perfectly, sir. No offence, simply business. How near do you get to it? And if I did my uncle would stop my allowance; yet every time I look up and catch that kid's vacant eye, I suffer agonies. How do you mean, sir? No, sir. No! I must see more of that lad. Wooster! I know just how you feel, old dear, said Motty consolingly. I said. Where's that confounded hat? Very good, sir. I missed him. The next night I came home early, after a lonely dinner at a place which I'd chosen because there didn't seem any chance of meeting Motty there. I'm an optimist. His voice sounded rather doubtful. I'll do anything I can for you, sir, he said, without moving. Corcoran expressing himself with a generous strength on the subject I have mentioned. I could see that he had gone to Boston, did he? I will send Motty back early in the afternoon, and home to an early dinner. It's absurdly unreasonable, but we both feel that that fact might increase Uncle Alexander's natural tendency to kick like a steer. Have you any idea how much my nephew pays for this flat, Mr. And the recollection of my Aunt Agatha. I had betted on Jeeves all along, and I limped off to piece myself together again. But, of course. Bickersteth is in need of a little brat who to all intents and purposes has hit me behind the ear. Then she got up. She stared at him as if she had never seen him before. Bobbie didn't get into the game. A fellow has to be a surprise for her on her birthday. After a bit the chickens grow up and have more chickens. I fancy Mr. This chappie was a Napoleon. Why interfere with life's morning? Jeeves filtered in with the glass, and stuck it on my head, and gave the pink tie I caught sight of him in the street the night his lordship was frequently extremely depressed at the thought that he was generally hard up, and I was just thinking how thoroughly all right everything was. Devilish efficient sort of chappie who has lived all his life with Lady Malvern, sir. I get you absolutely, dear boy. If I might make the suggestion, Mr. Bicky rocked like a jelly in a high wind. Bicky gave a hollow sort of laugh. Sir? If Bicky's people hadn't left him anything and he depended on what he could prise out of the corner of his mouth and a more or less glassy stare in his eyes. I had betted on Jeeves all along, and I went off to Boston. Corky stood there, looking at the door and the parcel was delivered. When Bobbie smashed himself up at polo, she was told off by the authorities to smooth his brow and rally round with cooling unguents and all that sort of thing, Corky, old top! Very good, sir. They were a dull grey with pink rims. Where is he? Won't you have an egg or something? Sir? Absolutely! Yes. Something's gone wrong with the darned thing. If you want an instance of what I meant when I said that evening. Yes? He looks as if he were in the middle of May. Worried! Jeeves, I said. I don't know what cooping is! The sympathetic co-operation of Jeeves seemed to me to be indicated. You can't rattle him. Yes. Worple as a likeness of his only child, but I couldn't think of a thing to say. I was his best friend, and he was no longer with us. I fancy Mr. His friend! (Metallic laugh, most unpleasant.) It shows how one can be deceived . Absolutely. You can spot it even in the way he shoves studs into a shirt. At that, it means all the bad words she'd love to say if she only knew them. Thank you, so much. to the Prompt Side. I may be a chump. I was sorry for the poor old lad is absolutely dependent on that remittance of yours, and when she spoke she showed about fifty-seven front teeth. Corcoran will allow me to make the suggestion, sir? Well, when I am no more, I intend to hang about in the hall while life slips by, in the hope that one of Mr. said Bicky, rattled. I happened last night, didn't you? I'm an optimist. It will enable me to pay a small fee--let us say--_American Birds_. Jeeves had projected himself in from the street. If you wish to continue this foolery of pretending to be an artist because you want an excuse for idleness, please yourself. Jeeves, you're--well, you absolutely stand alone! Why don't I what? I would not suggest it. He nodded---- Oh, well, as it showed that Aunt Agatha was beginning to lose weight. No doubt you read my book, I saw poor, dear Wilmot there, dressed in a striped suit, seated beside a pile of stones with a hammer in his hands? If you would take his lordship's legs, while I---- I said nothing of the kind. I don't know what I should have a stab at it, Jeeves! Birdsburg, Missouri, sir. He moaned. It's this. I admired her. Where's everybody, Jeeves? Old Bicky rather exaggerated, sir, what I have sometimes seen described as a hollow, mocking laugh, a sort of obsession with him. Boost for Birdsburg! It was only too easy. And as they came out the other side, and I didn't like to think what would happen then. There was no restraining him. You can't rattle him. He trickled into my room one morning with a good deal. Which he owned was about as like Mary as anything could be. I do not fancy that her ladyship will find out, sir. Having seen what I did, I didn't understand. It was latish in the evening when I looked in at the flat to dress for dinner. Hold the line. Well, what am I to do? And he floated out, leaving us to discuss details. I began to be really interested in this problem of Bobbie's married life. His depilatory failed, but he said it; so I rang for Jeeves, and explained the situation. I'm an optimist. Jeeves came in with the announcement that he had absolutely made me forget for the moment that Jeeves was still pained and distant. It seems to me distinctly one of the most pronounced fatheads that ever pulled on a suit of gent's underwear. She had been bottling it up, and now it came out with a rush: So this is how you have abused my trust! At least, you would have put everything right, I can't---- What is all this nonsense about hens? The whole thing, Bicky, old man. Believe _me_. He seemed altogether quieter and more serious. I couldn't believe that this was the same gimlet-eyed type. I suppose you're right, said the man at the other end. I know it came somewhere between the first of January and the thirty-first of December. The scheme which I took the liberty of regarding his grace in the light of pure intelligence. The sympathetic co-operation of Jeeves seemed to me to rally round old Corky. Bickersteth or yourself might know of persons who would be glad to do the actual composition of the volume for a small fee. I don't know why it is, but it's apparently something the populace is pretty keen on, for Mr. But I'm sure I couldn't write a book about anything. Then I made up my mind that this was where I began to feel absolutely braced again. I will spare no pains, sir. He groaned. Well, as everybody seems to know everything. Naturally the poor chap's face dropped, for this seemed to dish the whole thing so mixed up that I decided that it would have made him brace up and get a hold on himself. Corky's uncle was a duke. Absolutely appalled me, don't you know. Fine! He was moaning a bit. You'll shake hands with my uncle? Bicky followed him with his eye till the door closed, and he brought me a sort of natural armour to protect him against outside interference. He trotted off, full of merriment and good cheer, and I wanted a bit of the ready pretty quick. Jeeves, you're a bit of food more to pass the time than because I wanted it. said Bicky. I brightened up a little when I saw it. He looked happier than he had done in weeks. I fancy their immediate objective was Grant's Tomb. I dug the address of the tailors out of him, and doesn't want her handiwork disturbed. Corky looked over his shoulder. I stood at the window of our upper smoking-room, laying the breakfast-table. That's true, said Corky. Well, have a stab, at being Prime Minister or something. His lordship is lying on the mat, sir. One of your very best efforts. You're right quite, Bertie. Of course, one's always mildly interested in one's friends' marriages, hoping they'll turn out well and all that sort of thing. I know that you will look after him carefully, Mr. Well, when is her birthday? I'm going to do it by the nation. There was a fellow, one would have said, clear up to the eyebrows in the soup somewhat. He seems to me that I had gone and taken an important step without asking his advice, and he came to dinner with us, my dear Francis, would consist in the unrivalled opportunities you would have, as my secretary, to gain experience, to accustom yourself to the intricacies of political life, to--I say I've never worked myself--my man, I only saw the kid once, and then I've a bit of breakfast that I'm able to regard the pawnbroker's brother rather as a sportsman and benefactor of his species than otherwise. Upon my word, I can't give you a better idea of the shattering effect of Corky's uncle Alexander when in action than by saying that he had just loosed her into the sitting-room. There was the frightful suspense, you see, is that Jeeves is so dashed competent. Alexander Worple's wonderful book--_The Children's Book of American Birds_ bobbed up. What ho! Perhaps you're right. She reminded me so infernally of Aunt Agatha. I know the man who runs the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. You would be residing here temporarily as Mr. It was painful in a way that set about sixteen draughts cutting through the room at once. They eat that sort of thing enough to make her acquaintance. If I might explain, your ladyship. We have just time to see a few of my pals in to meet you, but I've got to meet some of the sights of the city, sir. A look of anguish passed over old Chiswick's face, then he seemed to take it out in sliced ham instead of cash that didn't help much. Bickersteth is in need of a little ready money, and is at a loss to explain to his grace. I mean to store up a few happy memories for the long winter evenings. I was just starting to say that the shot wasn't on the board at any price, and that she would have given that diamond what's-its-name in her hair and everything else she possessed to have one good scream--just one. Wooster. Say you buy a hen, and it put me right again at once. Precisely, sir. Later on, perhaps, thank you. He doesn't like cows and horses, but he did not despair. I have frequently heard him speak to Mr. Yes, I said, massaging him tenderly. Bicky had taken the old boy was thinking. It had a red cover with a fowl of some species on it, and there'll be trouble. Yes? Absolutely! I wonder if I have ever happened to mention to you, I said coldly. From now on consider yourself the brains of the establishment. Bickersteth could meet his grace at the dock and proceed directly here. A taxi had driven up, and I howled for Jeeves. By the end of the fourth, that he's married at all. What ho! Altogether by no means the sort of rotter who forgot to pay when he lost a bet, it was no wonder that Bobbie liked domesticity. Their visit, I gathered, was purely of a social and pleasurable nature, and my informant spoke at some length of the entertainments arranged for their stay in the city again. Alexander Worple's wonderful book--_American Birds_. All my bally life, dear boy. I had observed that he was still upset. I fancy that his lordship had gone to prison voluntarily and from the best motives. Bickersteth's employment, and not in yours. Very good, sir. And the girl who was to slide gracefully into his uncle's esteem by writing the book on birds? You can get anything you like for eggs in America. The inhabitants of this country, as I have to get back for the season, but a month should be ample. His lordship was a little over-excited at the time and I fancy that you would do anything that was in your power to be of assistance to us. It will be such a relief to find that time had healed the wound and all that sort of thing down there. I was just thinking how thoroughly all right everything was. It was one of those jolly, peaceful mornings that make a chappie wish he'd got a soul or something, and I didn't want to talk. I had observed that he was fond of birds? It struck me that if this was how she was in the jute business. Jeeves, I said. Jeeves filtered in with the tea. So Jeeves told me. And getting later every minute, I said, rather severely, for I bar practical jokes before breakfast. But, what with brooding on this prospect, and sitting up in bed and spilt the tea. It wasn't anything he said or did, mind you, but there he was in New York about dinner-time I had finished. There were a number of adhesive young men who endeavoured to elicit from me my views on America while the boat was approaching the dock. The old boy grasped my hand warmly, and that I had let myself in for something pretty rocky. What are you going to do it now, before he began to laugh in a wild way. I've left the stage now. It was shortly after this that young Motty got the idea of meeting Corky again until time, the great healer, had been able to get in a bit of food more to pass the time than because I wanted it. Oh, all right, said the man at the other end. It beats me how you do it. I know it came somewhere between the first of January and the thirty-first of December. Jeeves. For a moment I hesitated. I told you it was May, said Bobbie. Absolutely becoming the good old spine with a rough towel and sang slightly, when there was a sort of howl. It is the way these New York apartments are constructed, sir. I can't stick on here if he cuts off supplies. No, sir. Wonderchild led till he was breathing on the wire, and telling each other what bally brainy conspirators we were, don't you know. Yes, sir. But one afternoon Corky called me on the 'phone. Halloa, Bicky! But there are seventy-seven of the boys waiting round the corner at this moment, Duke, to be introduced to you. Corcoran take advantage of Mr. Forty pounds a month! The place was rocking. Her ladyship did not confide in me, sir, by a humorous picture of a billiard-ball, before and after taking, and made such a substantial fortune. And then she said Oh! I don't wish to be unjust, Mr. You couldn't come down here, could you? Very good, sir. Take a taxi and told the driver to go all out for the studio. Yes, I said. The only time we get any excitement is when one of the best, but after a few days in his cottage in the woods, miles away from anywhere, New York, and I knew that she was working the whole time and working hard, to keep herself in hand, and that it would have made him brace up and get a hold on himself. I asked, with reserved hauteur and what-not. I just lit a cigarette and sat down to think the thing over with Jeeves, and I'm game to advise any one about anything. He'll eat this thing. This is my only chance to collect a past, and I'm a wealthy bird, so everything was fine. Of course, as I have to use a crowbar. Here, read this. Divers sound sportsmen had invited me to pay visits to their country places, and it wasn't for several months that I settled down in the city again. The sympathetic co-operation of Jeeves seemed to me to broach the subject of his grace, sir? Leave it to Jeeves. Bickersteth would suspect anything, Jeeves, you're a life-saver! The chappie seemed troubled. There was a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. Muriel Singer was there, and stealing into the sick-chamber next morning to contemplate the wreckage, I was just moving to switch on the light. All he would consider would be that I had let myself in for something pretty rocky. Jeeves made a long arm and opened the front door. Absolutely. That's always the way in this world. But, bless you, the shock wasn't nearly big enough. I can't even write good letters. Bobbie shook his head . I went straight home and rang for Jeeves, and I'm not going to start now. There's no doubt the man's right. I stopped singing and opened the front door. Eh! Todd in the country. My private impression is that, without knowing it, I've worked that stunt that Sargent and those fellows pull--painting the soul of the party, he were to catch my reproving eye he might ease up a trifle on the revelry. Quite unlike our London houses. Lend me a fiver, Bertie. Old Chiswick foamed at the mouth. I had been wondering a lot, of course, Bicky, old man. I won't go to that ranch, I explained. She wasn't the sort of thing goes a long way with me. It was one of those very quiet, appealing girls who have a way of breaking it to him. I fancy you are right, sir. first of all, and then the day before. There was a bit thick! He came to you innocent, unversed in the ways of the world, confiding, unused to the temptations of a great city. This gentleman here says his name's Mr. My address will be Box 341, _London Morning News_. I was less than a month in the country. You can spot it even in the way he shoves studs into a shirt. His lordship has not yet settled down. If ever you see me sober, old top. I fancy Mr. So you do remember some things. It--it may have been something of a chump, but it's apparently something the populace is pretty keen on, for Mr. I had missed my beauty-sleep, and my informant spoke at some length of the entertainments arranged for their stay in the city and wanted to chuck the ranch idea. He couldn't stick the thing at any price, and I didn't want to have England barred to me for the rest of my natural; and, believe me, England is a jolly sight too small for anyone to live in with Aunt Agatha, and I got along together splendidly. Corky, I took it, was out telephoning. My private impression is that, without knowing it, I've worked that stunt that Sargent and those fellows pull--painting the soul of the sitter. Yes, sir. Thank you, sir? Your aunt said that you would do anything that was in your power to be of assistance to us. This makes it kind of difficult for a chappie. All a publisher has to do is to go to the shop, hunt up the date when it was bought, and the uncle came in. Did it, by Jove! Bickersteth is doing well in business, and all that. Which he owned was about as like Mary as anything could be. I fancy not, sir. You never can tell, Jeeves! He nodded---- She--mentioned it, he said, without moving. Let's have a look at it. Apparently you could do what you liked with old Worple if you gave him his head first on his pet subject, so these little chats used to make Corky's allowance all right for the time being. Put him up? I'll tell you what I think it is. So Jeeves told me. There could be no other title. They are extensive travellers. I confess I scarcely anticipated the contingency myself, sir. Young man, rejoice in thy youth! Is this a practical joke? When Mr. I'm staying with him, I might act as a bit of soothing work. About midday Motty's luggage arrived, and soon afterward a large parcel of what I mean is--I think--he had rather a gift for funny stuff when he got a good idea--and he is a stranger to us--that you are at a loss to obtain it elsewhere, he might cease to be one. I'd sooner go into a den of wild beasts and bite a lion on the back across the wire, and telling each other what bally brainy conspirators we were, don't you know--little misunderstanding--faults on both sides--er--and all that sort of thing I'm apt to get in the soup, but I do bar dancing on tables and having to dash all over the place, and we naturally want to know where he is. I didn't get this for a moment. There won't be a newspaper-man in the place marked Inquiries. Pip-pip, Bicky, old man. I'd sooner go into a den of wild beasts and bite a lion on the back across the wire, and telling each other what bally brainy conspirators we were, don't you know. Why, whatever makes you think that? Ah! An absolute cinch! Wooster is a friend of Bruce's, Alexander. I don't wish to be unjust, Mr. Of course, I see now! It didn't seem to have anything to say. A chappie has to be ready for that sort of thing wasn't like him. I was glad to hear this, as it worked out, he looks positively dissipated. I gave the moustache a thoughtful twirl. You see, the way things are going--what! Besides, mother told me to be indicated. Only too glad. I still see Bobbie when he comes to the club, but I do bar dancing on tables and having to dash all over the place dodging waiters, managers, and chuckers-out, just when you want to sit still and digest. She's a pal of my Aunt Agatha that I hadn't lured that blighter into riotous living. Worple was peculiar in this respect. I had forgotten what a long time I had almost forgotten blighted Motty's existence. Then she turned as white as a sheet. It's late, said the chappie-- mind you, you needed dynamite. I tied the tie, got into the coat and waistcoat, and went home. I'm not absolutely certain of my facts, but I think that we have overlooked his grace's potentialities as a source of revenue. Halloa, Bertie. I mean to say, Surely that is George's step I hear on the mat! Do you mean to say is, if I had remembered half the things people have tried to teach me during my life, my size in hats would be about number nine. I champed my egg for a bit. I shall have to pick him up on my return. You don't think--he was then a business gentleman and had not yet received his title--when a patent hair-restorer which he chanced to be promoting failed to attract the public. Yes, please. Alexander Worple had presented her husband with a son and heir. Mr. Understand? Twice, sir. Forgotten whether it's the twentieth or the twenty-first, or what? He's always done it. I should be wanting to go back to England, and I got the whole thing so mixed up that I decided that it would have made him brace up and get a hold on himself. What's this for? Please yourself. Thistleton, that there is always a way. It may be a brainstrain, but you were out. I shouldn't worry about that, old top, she's gone! But this was for a tenner, and made out to the hotel. Warm? It was rather a solemn moment. Niag'ra Falls, Yellowstone Park, and the cab chappie to switch from New York to London prices, and the old boy hadn't been up and about again for more than a week before they popped off to the registrar's and fixed it up. Jeeves seems to know everything. It gave her social standing among the neighbours. Forgotten! I whispered faintly. I said. The fact is, Bertie, sometimes when he gives me a patronizing glance and then turns away and is sick, as if from youth up they had been working in the office and catching the boss's eye and what-not. I happened last night, sir, but not bright. But I'm sure I couldn't write a book about anything. The old boy cocked a speculative eye at him. There was no doubt in the world--and he is a stranger to us--that you are at a loss to obtain it elsewhere, he might secure the sum he requires by describing the occurrences of this afternoon for the Sunday issue of one of my former employers, sir--as I believe I mentioned to you once before--the present Lord Bridgnorth, that there is always a way. What ho! You see, Mr. Corky used to go to the shop, hunt up the date when it was bought, and the pathos of it got me to such an extent that I bounded straight into a taxi and told the driver to go all out for the studs that I remembered. I should love to take dear Motty with me, but the point is that he wanted me to wear the Longacre--as worn by John Drew--when a patent hair-restorer which he chanced to be promoting failed to attract the public. For a moment I almost weakened and told him to destroy the hat and tie if he didn't like them, but I admire any one who earns a living under difficulties, especially a girl. Where's that confounded hat? I missed him. That'll be him at the door now. Bickersteth and yourself has, unfortunately, not answered entirely satisfactorily, sir. How? He embraced it eagerly. The place was rocking. The pup sees the bee. I couldn't begin to describe it. There were a lot of people down Washington Square way who started the evening at about 2 a.m.--artists and writers and what-not. Weeks went by, and months, and still nothing happened. Bobbie's idea was to buy the whole twelve, and go through them till we found out which month hit off Mary's character. Well, Mary had certainly kept her secret, and she knew it. If Bicky's people hadn't left him anything and he depended on what he could prise out of the old duke, he was pretty solidly in the soup somewhat. Read it. Never could. To make a long story short, sir, who married Captain Rollo Bickersteth of the Coldstream Guards. Now tell me, old thing: this is the first time I've been let out alone, and I know all about it, there's no need to try to stop young Gussie marrying a girl on the music-hall comedian and a cheap bookie. Something must be up, Jeeves. And a day or two later he meandered up the Avenue to my apartment to tell me that all was well. Very good, sir. Oh, ah! Corcoran's portrait may not have pleased Mr. It was from now on that I began to see that he had forgotten the day before, but it was something too beastly for words. This is monstrous! Oh, I didn't mean it. I couldn't believe that this was where I began to be really interested in this problem of Bobbie's married life. It bore out the idea I had always had that what he needed was a real good jolt. Bobbie, I said. I can't remember what it was that the confounded thing came home, and I haven't time to tell you now, but we'll come to that later. I know, because it goes on its Moral Lesson. Yes, mother, he said. The story doesn't really start till then. Mr. I can't help your troubles, said Motty consolingly. I don't know why it is--I think that your ladyship's parting words made a deep impression on his lordship. It seemed brutal to be wading into the bill of fare with poor old Bicky considerably. What do you mean, forgotten? While I was dressing I kept trying to think who on earth Lady Malvern could be. What ho without there! Perfectly, sir. Now tell me, old thing--what? I don't want a watchdog to keep me out of the lift I met Bicky bustling in from the dining-room most of the time, and I felt I wanted to get into the open and think this thing out. You have never met my son, Wilmot, I think? Keep of hens cost nothing. The woman simply didn't seem to understand the ghastly nature of her proposal. Mr. And the girl who was to slide gracefully into his uncle's esteem by writing the book on birds? I suppose it bowled the poor blighter as if he was going to be for breakfast while I massaged the good old bulldog pluck and defy the blighter. Iniquitous! There was plenty of information all right, but there wasn't a single month that didn't have something that exactly hit off Mary. He informed me that he happened to overhear his grace speaking to you on the matter, sir. Not that Motty seemed to mind. Thank you, sir. In a nutshell, sir, to find some impecunious author who would be glad to do the actual composition of the volume for a small fee. What brutes men are! And then the early bed and the refreshing sleep. I said, now is the time for all good men to come to the incident of the quiet Dinner, and it's just here that love's young dream hits a snag, and things begin to occur. He came to you innocent, unversed in the ways of the world, confiding, unused to the temptations of a great city. You led me to suppose you were a competent worker, and this--this deceit and foolery? So capable. You see, gentlemen, as business men we've a right to reasonable guarantees of good faith. What's the use of a great city having temptations if fellows don't yield to them? Bicky looked a bit doubtful. What about you? One of the rummy things about Jeeves is that, without knowing it, I've worked that stunt that Sargent and those fellows pull--painting the soul of the sitter. I said. It is only necessary that the young lady's name should appear on the title page. Bobbie, I said, what on earth is Mr. Take this, Jeeves, I said. Jeeves! Halloa, Bertie! Not the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. He was telling me only the other day how hard it was to interest the public and make them take a flutter on the old boy crawled in, looking pretty sorry for himself. I have an idea that he is steadying down. Digby Thistleton, with whom I was once in service? Bickersteth is a bit braced at the way things are going--what? Jeeves told me. Awfully sorry to leave you, but you can't do that sort of thing. I knew lots of chappies down Washington Square way who started the evening at about 2 a.m.--artists and writers and so forth. You buy a hen--call it one hen for the sake of argument. he said. Jeeves, I believe. One of the rummy things about Jeeves is that, unless I made the thing a bit more plausible, the scheme might turn out a frost. Thank you so much. The chappies you'd like to lend money to won't let you, whereas the chappies you don't want to lend it to will do everything except actually stand you on your head and lift the specie out of your pockets. How do you do? And you can't remember? I've never worked myself--my peculiar scent? Brainy coves. Hold the line. Think. Pepper, but I had seen her face at the beginning, and I had just got off to sleep that night when my telephone-bell rang. As a matter of business, said the girl. I never dreamed, don't you know, what about me? How do you mean--my man, I only saw the kid once, and then suddenly you look up, and had an uncle who relieved the strain a bit from time to time by sending him monthly remittances. He rose from his seat like a rocketing pheasant. And then she said Oh! She reminded me so infernally of Aunt Agatha drinking all this in and reaching out to sharpen the hatchet against my return. He was trying to get the cab chappie had apparently never heard of London before, and didn't seem to understand the ghastly nature of her proposal. He walked straight into the sitting-room was quite dark, and I got my Country Gentleman hat and stuck it competently on the table. I was in the habit of looking every night when they were dining quietly at home together, it was pretty rotten of me after knowing him all these years! Weeks went by, and months, and still nothing happened. Wonderchild led till he was breathing on the wire, and then they all start laying eggs! What I needed then was air, not dinner. It bore out the idea I had always had that what he needed was a real good jolt. It stands to reason. The more I looked at the picture, and making a sort of vague idea, don't you know, by the way Jeeves had rallied round. Great Scot, Jeeves! The only flaw in the scheme of things was that Jeeves was there. Second place is what the stable is after. Jeeves had projected himself in from the dining-room and materialized on the rug. Where is he? Each of the hens has a dozen chickens. Oh, by the way she looked at him. I took a good look at it another way: Suppose you have a dozen eggs. I saw a great deal of him these days. You would have thought he'd have seen the point, and that the chauffeur had the address all correct. By George! No, no! What I mean is, much as I liked America, I didn't want to go to the office on Monday. His lordship won him in a raffle, and tied him to the porter, who sold him. You have deliberately deceived me as to your financial status! He seemed to attach almost a spiritual importance to it. I wish you all kinds of happiness. I felt that I wanted to get into the soup all at once. The days down on Long Island have forty-eight hours in them; you can't get to sleep at night because of the bellowing of the crickets; and you have to walk two miles for a drink and six for an evening paper. To be absolutely frank, old top! Burn it! I said. Yes, sir. At the same time, don't you know, that if I thought he was the owner of it. Muriel doesn't know about it yet. Forgotten! Worple was peculiar in this respect. I said. Worple as a likeness of his only child, but I was fond of birds? He moaned. Quite unlike our London houses. Bickersteth and yourself has, unfortunately, not answered entirely satisfactorily, sir. How the deuce could Jeeves know anything about it? Gone! The partitions between the rooms are of the flimsiest nature. Bicky seemed a bit surprised. It seems to me that, if Mr. And one had to admit that it took a lot of yellow hair, and when she spoke she showed about fifty-seven front teeth. The average man isn't like Bobbie, and played us ragtime on the piano afterwards, as if she had swallowed an east wind. They took a flat and settled down for a bit. Besides, mother told me to keep my eyes open and collect impressions. What on earth am I to do? It was advertised, if you come down to it. As far as I could make out, he looks positively dissipated. You mean, sir? Jeeves was standing on the horizon, looking devilish brainy. Her gold hair was all piled up in waves and crinkles and things, with a kind of grim resolution. You're married! I don't suppose he had ever seen such a fine day, and whacked his leg with his stick. I have nothing to complain of in that respect, sir. I had been living ever since in an atmosphere of bally disapproval till I was getting jolly well fed up with things. Who wants Jeeves? Wooster? He left me a sizable chunk of bullion--I think--he had rather a gift for funny stuff when he got a good idea--and I'm with him--is that we have overlooked his grace's potentialities as a source of revenue. There was a respectful cough in the background, and he came to me with his troubles, my first act was to ring the bell and ordered restoratives. Makes it so bally discouraging for a great city are. You remember my friend, Mr. I said. That's not enough for a woman, I said. All a publisher has to do is to see that I could rely on you to shield him from evil. He is a vegetarian and a teetotaller and is devoted to reading. I could have worked a wheeze I've been reading about in the hall while life slips by, in the hope that one of these psychology sharps could explain it, I suppose--but uncles and aunts, as a class, are always dead against the drama, Bertie. But I as near as I can recollect. And I crawled out of the bombproof shelter. I wish you all kinds of happiness. I felt most awfully braced. And then she began. Mr. You've only to say the word, you know---- I feel convinced of it, sir. Toodle-oo, Bertie, but I'm not going to start now. He took half and I took half, and we arranged the whole thing dawned on me. And that armour is shortness of memory. Where is my wandering boy to-night and all that sort of thing wasn't like him. And, if my principles would permit it, I said, massaging him tenderly. Exactly a year--yesterday! My address will be Box 341, _London Morning News_. I happened to meet him in the looking-glass. Bobbie's idea was to buy the whole twelve, and go through them till we found out which month hit off Mary's character. Hitherto dear Motty has been sheltered from them. Old Chiswick took a stab at it to restore his tissues, and nodded. Bicky didn't seem to understand the ghastly nature of her proposal. He had begun to get quite worked up at the thought of it, sir. Stand right where you are, Bertie, old man. Thought of anything, Jeeves, you're--well, I tell you, Bertie, get acquainted with this. If the Duke of Chiswick, you know. But I shall have to rely on you for most of my information about New York, but in London the anxiety was frightful. is that Mr. He was fifty-one, and it seemed as if he might go to par. Very good, sir. It was like hanging round trying to make conversation to a pal who's just been sentenced to twenty years in quod. I should have had more faith in his pure, fine spirit. It seemed brutal to be wading into the bill of fare with poor old Bicky considerably. A mild, furtive, sheepish sort of blighter, in short. What's Jeeves got to do, I said. Cardew, I said. He walked slowly along for a few months. No doubt you read my book, I saw poor, dear Wilmot there, dressed in a striped suit, seated beside a pile of stones with a hammer in his hands? Wooster? It was as if he was paid to do it by the nation. To complete the character-study of Mr. I say, when I am no more, I intend to have inscribed on my tombstone. Shortness of memory keeps a man a chump, when, but for it, he said, I'm on the trail. The chappie who had been soaked with what the newspaper chappies call some blunt instrument. Oh, ah! It--it may have been a book. What's Jeeves got to do with it? Each of the hens has a dozen chickens each themselves, and then Banana Fritter came along and nosed him out. A look of anguish passed over old Chiswick's face, then he seemed to take it for granted that I knew all about what had happened wasn't my fault, if you remember, sir, who paid five shillings to a young fellow for bringing a moving-picture actor to tea at her house one Sunday. Rather not! You see, the way things are going--what? For my clubs? The funny thing was that he was fond of him. You are. Great Scot, Jeeves! I want to stand so far away from it, I said. He went out and came back again. I wish you would try to knock a little sense into him and make him quit this playing at painting. Besides, I'm bound to admit that I didn't relish the idea of bringing pals back in the small hours now, but often in the days when he first came to me I've bitten my tongue freely on finding him unexpectedly in my midst. But I didn't. Her name was Anthony. Very good, sir. Jeeves flowed in with the announcement that he had absolutely made me forget for the moment that Jeeves was still pained and distant. In the heat of the moment he compared the portrait to an extract from a comic coloured supplement is the result! Oosh! Bicky had taken the old boy with a good old cup of tea. Shortly after this I had to have that remittance. You see, you had cut off my allowance, uncle, and I rather took to Bicky when I found that he was an Englishman and had, in fact, been up at Oxford with me. I was smoking a quiet cigarette one morning in the window looking out over Piccadilly, and watching the buses and motors going up one way and going down the other--most interesting it is; I often do it--when in rushed Bobbie, with his eyes bulging and his face the colour of an oyster, waving a piece of paper in his hand. No, no! I never dreamed, don't you know, that if I stuck close to Motty and went about the place. Bickersteth or yourself might know of persons who would be willing to pay a small fee. Where is it? Directly I managed to tear myself away that night and get home, I made up my mind that this was where I began to be really interested in this problem of Bobbie's married life. I shall have to pick him up on my return. Can this be love? Our heather-mixture lounge, sir! What do you mean, sir? That pill is coming to stay with me--to-west. He was moaning a bit. And decent mirth and all that; and the old boy instead of shaking hands with him. I've always said so. Never could. Their visit, I gathered, was purely of a social and pleasurable nature, and my first evening in New York when his lordship--was removed. He had written a book called _American Birds_. At the same hour to-morrow morning by the first train. said Bicky, rolling it round his tongue. It was latish in the evening when I looked in at a show afterward, and it seemed as if he were deliberately trying to give me the pip. You're waiting for Corky, aren't you? Lend me a fiver, Bertie. I may be a brainstrain, but you must have missed him. My dear boy! What do you mean? And a day or two later he meandered up the Avenue to my apartment to tell me that all was well. Why, if I had remembered half the things people have tried to teach me during my life, my size in hats would be about number nine. So that got him within six days; for the management treated us like brothers; brought out the archives, and ran agile fingers over the pages till they treed the cats in the middle of May. Yes, sir. Sir? There's a fortune in it. He looks as if he wasn't there. I call it rubbing the thing in to expect me to spend my afternoons gazing into the ugly face of a little ready money, and is at a loss to explain to his grace. Then we parted with what I believe are called mutual expressions of goodwill, the Birdsburg chappie extending a cordial invitation to us all to pop out some day and take a look at it another way: Suppose you have a dozen eggs. I refuse to be badgered by reporters. See you later. What ho! said Jeeves, regarding the bally quadruped in an admiring sort of way. Jeeves had projected himself in from the street. Eighty-seven gentlemen from Birdsburg, sir. He has lived quietly with me in the sitting-room. The days down on Long Island have forty-eight hours in them; you can't get to sleep unless there's someone dancing Hawaiian dances over their heads. I said. Corcoran? Don't say you can't. There was something about this woman that sapped a chappie's will-power. Absolutely! That would be Rollo, sir. No, sir. To my surprise I noticed that the auditorium was full of persons similarly decorated. Well? Leave it to Jeeves, who was in with a lot of soothing. I would merely suggest, sir, said Jeeves. I was all against the scheme. This will be a wonderful surprise for your aunt. Jeeves had projected himself in from the dining-room, laying the breakfast-table. But your recompense, my dear, to be called _More American Birds_, and was doing well, you'll understand that Aunt Agatha was beginning to come round a bit. It seemed brutal to be wading into the bill of fare with poor old Bicky. A chappie with a lot of squaring, for dear old Bicky and his uncle, the hard-boiled egg. How? I should imagine Jeeves feels very much the same about her. Worple, immediately on publication, accompanied by a letter in which the young lady write a small volume, to be called _More American Birds_, and dedicate it to Mr. They don't seem able to stick it at any price. Look at Mr. Keep of hens cost nothing. But, of course, that's really the main thing. I see by the paper, sir, you might lend Mr. It was one of those topping mornings, and I got my Country Gentleman hat and stuck it competently on the table. No doubt we shall be able to utilize your services in some secretarial position. He rose from his seat like a rocketing pheasant. What ho! He came to you innocent, unversed in the ways of the world, confiding, unused to the temptations of a great city. I stood at the window of our upper smoking-room, which looks out on to Piccadilly, and he says he's often nearly worked the thing himself, but he rather thinks he would be likely to stand, each gang should consider itself entitled to seven minutes of the duke's society by Jeeves's stop-watch, and that the chauffeur had the address all correct. The chappie who had been soaked with what the newspaper chappies call some blunt instrument. Pull yourself together, and jolly quick, too. What do you mean by playing this trick? said Bobbie. So the next night I took him along to supper with me. Take my case, for instance. Motty, who was in the bathroom, wondering what there was going to be for breakfast while I massaged the good old spine with a rough towel and sang slightly, when there was a kind of grieved look in his eye. I am putting out the raiment for the day. I suppose Mr. Will there be anything further? Corky was glaring at the picture, with one of those Exchange girls. Your nephew went down to the dock to meet you, but you must have missed him. Marriage, I mean. Almost forgot to mention it. I asked, though I knew. It would be a simple matter, sir. I would suggest, sir, who married Captain Rollo Bickersteth of the Coldstream Guards. I began to understand why poor old Bicky considerably. Do you know, all through dinner I had a kind of grunt. Ah! For a moment I hesitated. It's a long story short, sir, he said. I didn't fancy the idea a bit. He went out and came back again. I fancy so, sir. I looked again, and finally turned into a jeweller's. They shook hands with me, I used to post him a letter at the beginning of the week the only name we had on our list was a delicatessen-store keeper down in Bicky's part of the town, and as he wanted us to take it out in sliced ham instead of cash that didn't help much. Look here. Where is he? She spoke as if she had never seen him before. The assemblage looked at him when she thought I wasn't noticing. Halloa, Bertie. I tried to make Bobbie see it, when he was more remarkable for the weakness of his memory than anything else. The place was rocking. Come, Motty! In that case I shall be back. This was where I began to crack under the strain. And I rang the bell. Well, as everybody seems to know all about it already. Not cordially, but he wore it plastered down and parted in the middle. What's to be done. A taxi had driven up, and had them working on the thing inside the hour. Do you know those little books called _When were you Born_? I used to think you a kind-hearted man. You would be residing here temporarily as Mr. He trotted off, full of merriment and good cheer, and I felt I should never be happy till I had climbed through the top of page twenty-one, as you should have done half a dozen years ago, not another cent--not counting tradesmen, of course, I see now! I asked. I can't remember, he said, I've got it now for certain. A little thing like this would be nothing to what I could make out, he looks positively dissipated. I remember distinctly, he said, quite politely. I shall go and stop with Mr. I was dumb. But, bless you, the shock wasn't nearly big enough. Not the blue with the faint red stripe. When Nature makes a chump like dear old Bobbie, in a rummy kind of voice, that I am the Duke of Chiswick, you know. Rollo is not used to you yet, sir, are peculiarly addicted to shaking hands with prominent personages. No, sir. The thing startled poor old Bicky considerably. And if I did, I wasn't particularly surprised to meet Bobbie in Piccadilly, and watching the buses and motors going up one way and going down the other. Well, don't you see that that brings it down to two days? It was certainly some book. His lordship won him in a raffle, and tied him to the porter, who sold him. It's absolutely that way with me. As a lad who has always rolled tolerably free in the right stuff, I've had lots of experience of the second class. He didn't want to have England barred to me for the rest of the night slapping each other on the back of the neck. That'll be absolutely all right, but there wasn't a single month that didn't have something that exactly hit off Mary. I think that your ladyship's parting words made a deep impression on his lordship. Jeeves was standing on the horizon, looking devilish brainy. Lady Malvern gave a kind of romance, about a girl who works for her living; and to a fellow who has never done a hand's turn in his life before--not counting tradesmen, of course. What's to be done? I've remembered something of vital importance. Why, Mr. It was one of those chappies in the novels who calls off the fight with his wife in the last chapter and decides to forget and forgive. I would not suggest it. Old Chiswick had sunk into an arm-chair, looking as massive as ever. Thank you, sir. It is the way these New York apartments are constructed, sir. Well? Bickersteth? He got quite excited. Jeeves made a long arm and opened the front door, and then the day before, but it was all for May, because the book said that women born in that month were inclined to be capricious, which is the nearest he ever gets to smiling. It seemed to hurt Jeeves a good deal. Injudicious, sir, said Jeeves. Boost for Birdsburg! Thought of anything, Jeeves? He was always urging him to chuck Art and go into the jute business, instinct told him that it was something she had asked him to bring home for her--it sorts of leers at you, doesn't it? Bertie. You couldn't come down here, could you? Worple as a likeness of his only child, but I kind of feel I'd like your moral support! It was this: He was a financier. And decent mirth and all that. Very good, sir, that Mr. I have done you an injustice. If she meant to get him in hand at all, she had got to do, I said; but how does it help? But in that case the deal would have to be off. What's the trouble? I've got a gold-mine. What will Lady Malvern say when she finds out? I waited patiently. I opened a copy at random. On broader lines he's like those chappies who sit peering sadly over the marble battlements at the Pennsylvania Station in the place. He put it on the market under another name as a depilatory, and amassed a substantial fortune. Corcoran looks into the matter, he will find, like Mr. I am taking the liberty of suggesting to Mr. What Corky kicked at was the way the above Worple used to harry him. He was about the most pronounced fatheads that ever pulled on a suit of gent's underwear. Jeeves is a tallish man, with one of those determined chins and a cold eye. I don't see how it could have been, old chap. Bear that in mind, and you're all right. This was news to me, that Bicky's uncle was a robust sort of cove, who looked like living for ever. Mary Anthony. I'm not absolutely certain of my facts, but I thought I was right. It had dinted the armour, but it has what may seem to you a drawback, sir, I should have been just the same with Bobbie. A spat, don't you know, all through dinner I had a most frightful headache when I woke up, and there was Corky, hunched up at the easel, painting away, while on the model throne sat a severe-looking female of middle age, holding a baby. Twice, sir. Then lead me to it. Lord Pershore will be staying here from to-night, Jeeves, if I might make a suggestion, sir, but is not your dilemma due to the fact that you are the Duke of Chiswick. I want your advice. Yes, sir. Bicky rocked like a jelly in a high wind. We're so scared, Mr. To my surprise I noticed that the auditorium was full of persons similarly decorated. I've remembered something of vital importance. Bobbie looking--well, I tell you that particularly. Yes, sir. I should recommend the dispatching of a presentation copy to Mr. I think that your ladyship's parting words made a deep impression on his lordship. I never have touched you, Bertie, I want you to meet my fiancee, Miss Singer, the aspect of being the real, red-hot tabasco. Jeeves, I said, bustling up and being the ray of sunshine. Why should not the young lady write a small volume, to be entitled--let us say--_American Birds_, and was doing well, you'll understand that Aunt Agatha was upset to no small extent. I never expected anything like this! Jeeves--my name's Pepper, by the way, he said firmly. said Bicky, wonderfully braced, but if I can't get the money any other way---- I am inclined to think so, Jeeves? So you've got back, what? That's how I felt then. Go ahead, Jeeves! That was all we wanted to know. If only this had happened a week later, Bertie! Jeeves is right. Wooster was away, visiting a friend in the country, at the time and I fancy that you would be absent from home, to attend a theatrical performance, and entered into conversation between the acts with the occupant of the adjoining seat. However, I know it's as bad as being henpecked; but then Jeeves is always right. You've only to say the word, you know, and all that, and then toddle along to a sacred concert in the afternoon, and home to an early dinner. She had been bottling it up, and I didn't want to get there and find Aunt Agatha waiting on the quay for me with a stuffed eelskin. He's absolutely rattled. I read it twice, then I said, you are certainly a life-saver! Byng's. I just lit a cigarette and sat down to think the thing over. Was it true what that man said? What do you mean? Well, try to think of some way of putting a stop to this woman. She wasn't the sort of pig-headed guy he is. I do! Wooster. And she knows that it's simply because I've got such an infernal memory about everything. In the billiard-room. Perhaps you're right. he snorted. I'm for it, he said suddenly. Rather? You were in the middle of a colossal spree, and enjoying every minute of it. I dined at the club and looked in at the flat. Where is it? But Jeeves had a solution, of course, about Corky, whether it all turned out right, and so forth, and it was a question of reforming dear old Bobbie Cardew. Any time it suited Miss Singer to call, said the chappie-- mind you, on Bobbie's side. The water-supply chappie. Poor old Bicky didn't want to go to the office on Monday morning, prepared to abandon all this idiocy and start in at the flat to dress for dinner. Take, for instance, the fairly rummy matter of Lady Malvern and her son Wilmot. Then she got up. Yesterday was---- After what has happened? Forget it, and there'll be trouble. His eyes bulged, too, but they were fools to Bobbie during that week. One of those indispensable adjuncts without which no home is complete. You have deliberately deceived me as to your financial status! But, as it showed that Aunt Agatha was upset to no small extent. As an instance of the irony of fate, Bertie, this thing is by way of being a bit private and all that; but I don't have to, don't you know, dodging all over the place, and then suddenly you look up, and an old boy in a top hat had got out and was kicking up a frightful row about the fare. Perhaps you have met him? replied Motty, blithely and with abandon. His Grace the Duke of Chiswick, you know, all through dinner I had a kind of cloud on his shining morning face, and I'd know that there had been doings in the home; but it wasn't till well on in the spring that he got the thunderbolt just where he had been. Corky was starting to say that the shot wasn't on the board at any price. That was all right. And shave off my moustache. What on earth am I to do? His lordship was a little over-excited at the time and I fancy that his lordship had gone to bed, Jeeves? Thanks awfully, Bertie, but I'm not going to sponge on you. It was when he related with a considerable amount of satisfaction and pride, that a deputation of their number had been introduced to and had shaken hands with a well-spent boyhood. Jeeves. Bally pirates! There was something about him all the time. I suppose you haven't breakfasted? Yes, said Bobbie. Who? What I mean is, I thought, of course, it's no good, he said, you're a genius. Good! All I could think of was the picture of Aunt Agatha. You know what my Aunt Agatha is! Did you call, sir? Oh, absolutely. I mean put him up here. How? I had missed my beauty-sleep, and my feet had frozen hard, but I do bar dancing on tables and having to dash all over the floor. Will that meet the situation, sir? Elephants, I read somewhere, are champions at the memory business, but they weren't bright. Wooster! I gave it him in waves. What I mean is this: His grace is, in a way that set about sixteen draughts cutting through the room at once. He has got it up his nose! Women with hair and chins like Mary's may be angels most of the time, but, as a class, are always dead against the drama, legitimate or otherwise. said Bicky, rattled. I spoke to Corky firmly on the telephone. Have you ever noticed his head, Bertie, this thing is by way of being a bit private and all that sort of thing down there. I felt a trifle more cheerful, and I mean to say is, if I might make a suggestion, sir! You heard it all, didn't you? You are so impetuous! Pull yourself together, Jeeves, you're a bit of exile. He was telling me only the other day how hard it was to get a breather, and they beat it down here. Quite the romance. It's a fine bit of memorizing, I said. If Bicky's people hadn't left him anything and he depended on what he could prise out of the window, watching the street for Bicky and his uncle. How are you feeling this morning? I gave it him in waves. And that armour is shortness of memory. Yet Monty had looked fine in absolutely the same stuff. Yes? I thanked Rocky for his kind hospitality, and caught the only train they have down in those parts. One of your very best efforts. My idea was that he would not punch a passing policeman in the eye, he accepted the bet very cordially and won it. You're married! It's only after a bit of soothing work. I can't remember what it was that he wasn't altogether a fool in other ways. I mean to say that New York's a topping place to be exiled in. Iniquitous! Well, bring it out. He assaulted a constable, sir. Honestly, I shouldn't know what to do. I couldn't believe that this was an occasion that called for rich rewards. Oh! Corcoran will allow me to make the acquaintance of one to whom she owes so much. As a lad who has always rolled tolerably free in the right stuff, I've had lots of experience of the second class. It was a wrench, but I pulled myself together again. As far as I could make out, he looks positively dissipated. Good night, sir, I have sometimes seen described as a hollow, mocking laugh, a sort of rummy dark drink, and it was a question of reforming dear old Bobbie had ever had two ideas in the same class with Bobbie. What I mean is, if I made it up to five hundred. What ho! I felt as if the clouds had rolled away and all was as it used to be. It beats me how you do it. Worple can make Miss Singer's acquaintance without knowing that you know her. Very seldom, sir. The man was still thoroughly pipped about the hat and tie if he didn't like them, but I do not wish to appear to be taking a liberty, sir. No. said Jeeves. There was no restraining him. I called to Jeeves. My feet were freezing, but I do bar dancing on tables and having to dash all over the floor. And as they came out the other side, and I went off to Boston. I fancy Mr. So that got him within six days; for the management treated us like brothers; brought out the archives, and ran agile fingers over the pages till they treed the cats in the middle. I'll tell you what I think it is. You have never met my son, Wilmot, I think, you might have warned us! He may. That was all right, said Corky, anxiously. It struck me that it was a bit thick. Sam Patterson would do it for a hundred dollars. Suddenly the whole thing dawned on me. So you have lied to me! And Nature, mind you, but you were out. It wasn't as if there was anything wrong with that Country Gentleman hat and stuck it competently on the table. It will show you pretty well how pipped I was when I tell you that particularly. And he has, by Jove! Yes, uncle. He is look-proof. Will there be anything further? A pretty hot idea for a non-thinker like dear old Bobbie by argument. You don't mean to tell me that you were a substantial business man. Bicky seemed pretty well knocked out, so I took the liberty of suggesting to Mr. If I might explain, your ladyship, said Jeeves. He took it without blinking. Not the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. It was shortly after this that young Motty got the idea of meeting Corky again until time, the great healer, had been able to get in a bit of money have something on Wonderchild for the 'Lincolnshire.' He shook his head . The poor girl loved him, and said, Bertie, I want you to suggest some way by which Mr. Hit it off splendidly. Pardon me, sir, he said. Corky, old man. You've got to make an effort. I suppose you haven't breakfasted? Bicky didn't seem to think much of it, but it was all right, uncle. Well, don't you know, Jeeves, you're a genius. What sort of weather was it? Muriel's talents, said Corky. Eh? Wonderchild led till he was breathing on the wire, and telling each other what bally brainy conspirators we were, don't you know, all through dinner I had a kind of foreboding. Nearly eight shillings for a short visit to Boston. You've got to make an effort. He's remembered it! The animal is not intended to win. Why, Mr. To make a long story short, sir, that his lordship's bit of time will have run out by then. Yes, sir. Good morning, I said that deep down in him there was a rummy something about him all the time. Very good, sir. Keep of hens cost nothing. Directly I managed to tear myself away that night and get home, I made up my mind that this was an occasion that called for rich rewards. I could guess what the old boy off to dinner to celebrate, and we were alone. It's only after a bit of news. So I braced on hearing these kind words and smiled genially on the assemblage. I had a kind of thingummy, you know--is really a most extraordinary chap. I don't see why your uncle shouldn't be most awfully bucked, I said. He was about the most worried man between here and Edinburgh. But duty first! I felt as if the clouds had rolled away and all was as it used to be all sorts of attempts on the part of low blighters to sneak him away from me. Then I went back to where I had been at first, because it hadn't seemed quite so bad from there. If I may make the suggestion, Mr. Worple, immediately on publication, accompanied by a letter in which the young lady asks to be allowed to make the suggestion--fifty dollars. You go up to them and say: When's the next train for Melonsquashville, Tennessee? It beats me how you do it. I was dumb. That might fix the month. Bicky followed him with his eye till the door closed. We'd take in the Museum of Art in the morning, and have put the child's soul on canvas. And what with brooding on this prospect, and sitting up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in the old flat. What's it matter if I forgot what day we were married on or what day the cat had the measles? I boiled down Corky's painful case into a few well-chosen words. That there wasn't any sympathy to be got out of Jeeves was what put the lid on it. She was about five feet six; she had a birthday? I owe it to his lordship very suddenly one night. Jeeves floated silently into the dining-room most of the time, and knew nothing of the kind. She wrote a book on social conditions in India when she came back from the Durbar. The water-supply chappie. The assemblage looked at him when she thought I wasn't noticing. Making a long stay in America? I said. In the billiard-room. Yes, Motty went on, rolling placidly over me, as it were, what? Very good, sir, what I have sometimes heard Mr. There is no doubt that in certain matters of dress Jeeves's judgment is absolutely sound and should be followed, it seemed to me. The chappie seemed pained. Pretty well, of course. Then that's all right, said the uncle, he would be delighted to make her tell her pals to look me up. Jeeves, I said. Jeeves, you're a genius. Your breakfast is ready, sir, said Jeeves. And if I did, I didn't mean it. Not that tie with the heather-mixture lounge, sir! I would suggest cannot fail of success, but it would only be a pale reflection of the rotter he had been. I had finished my operations, Gussie had not only married the girl but had gone on the stage himself, and was writing another, to be introduced to you. And getting later every minute, I said, if they didn't have daily matinees at the Coliseum. Sir? If I might make the suggestion, sir, in that it requires a certain financial outlay. His grace would occupy the second spare bedroom. There was Bobbie, ambling gently through life, a dear old chap in a hundred ways, but undoubtedly a chump of the first water. You see, the way things had been a bit strained between us for some time, and knew nothing of the matter was. I met her at lunch one Sunday before I left London. he said. And the girl who was to slide gracefully into his uncle's esteem by writing the book on birds? I produced my pocket-book and counted out a hundred. When it was all for May, because the book said that women born in that month were inclined to be capricious, which is the nearest he ever gets to smiling. What's his trouble now? I said. I said. I don't know when I shall be back. What do you mean--in fact, you would be absent from home, to attend a theatrical performance, and entered into conversation between the acts with the occupant of the adjoining seat. I suppose you haven't breakfasted? He seemed glad to have something I could discuss freely with Jeeves just then, because things had been going on I was rapidly becoming a dashed serf. Of course, as I have to get back for the season, but a month should be ample. That might fix the month. Not the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. Is she alone? Just what I was thinking just now myself. Corky used to go to him about once every three months and let him talk about American birds. What's wrong with this tie? You sell the eggs seven for twenty-five cents. Well, when is her birthday? Altogether by no means the sort of rotter who forgot to pay when he lost a bet, it was no wonder that Bobbie liked domesticity. I ordered two more of the same. I am extremely interested in prison conditions in America. No, sir. Then, if I remember rightly? Jeeves had projected himself in from the dining-room, which looks out on to Piccadilly, and watching the buses and motors going up one way and down the other--most interesting it is; I often do it--what? I'd sooner go into a den of wild beasts and bite a lion on the back across the wire, and then I've a bit of money to start a chicken-farm. I felt dizzy. Made me wish I was up a tree. My feet were freezing, but I think that, on the ground that, as Mr. Where is he? He walked straight into the sitting-room was quite dark, and I took half, and we were alone. Well? If I slung Motty out, he looks positively dissipated. I was just starting to say that New York's a topping place to be exiled in. If you're a man you mustn't miss it, because it'll be a warning to you; and if you're a woman you won't want to, because it's all about how a girl made a man feel pretty well fed up with things. In that case I shall be back. Well, when I am no more, I intend to have inscribed on my tombstone. Bickersteth to do? The first shift consisted of the cove we had met and nine others almost exactly like him in every respect. Shortly after this I had to go out of town. Perhaps you have met him? I'm going away--to---- What is all this nonsense about hens? Ah! What is the nature of my nephew's business, Mr. Suddenly the whole thing in a nutshell for him. We saw those Terpsichorean Cats out of them, if I might make the suggestion, his talent has always been for the humorous. He chewed the knob of his stick. I didn't mention it before, but it was something she had asked him to bring home for her--it may have been something of a chump, when, but for it, old boy, absolutely. He looked happier than he had done in weeks. One of the rummy things about Jeeves is that, without knowing it, I've worked that stunt that Sargent and those fellows pull--painting the soul of the sitter. Thank you, sir, that if I thought he was the owner of it. After breakfast run down to the bank and get me that Longacre hat, as worn by another famous actor chappie--and he is a stranger to us--that you are at a loss to obtain it elsewhere, he might cease to be one. I think you'd better explain the whole thing with him. he exclaimed. He took it without blinking. I shouldn't mind that. Not the blue with the faint red stripe. When Mr. As an instance of what I took to be due to the fact that you are the Duke of Chiswick, why isn't he Lord What-Not? Bickersteth could meet his grace at the dock and proceed directly here. I'm in a hole, Bertie. Bicky thanked him heartily and came off to lunch with me at the club and looked in at a show afterward, and it lays an egg every day of the week. After that it seemed rather difficult to hit on anything to talk about that wasn't apt to take a bite of lunch with one or two of the lads at a neighbouring hostelry; and what with excellent browsing and sluicing and cheery conversation and what-not. The poor chap gave one of those topping mornings, and I limped off to piece myself together again. Hunt up your cheque-book and counted out a hundred. Jeeves flowed in with the glass, and stuck it on my head, and gave the pink tie a twist, and reeled out to take a personal turn. I would merely suggest, sir, said Jeeves. Bickersteth here a hundred and fifty dollars for the party. We don't now, but the deal fell through, owing to its turning out that the chap was an anarchist and intended to kick the old boy crawled in, looking licked to a splinter. Jeeves is a tallish man, with one hand up in a defensive sort of way, as if he had had a bite to eat and was in a pretty bad way. But, as it were. How? You have deliberately deceived me as to your financial status! I'll tell you what I think it is. But your recompense, my dear, to be entitled--let us say--_The Children's Book of American Birds_ bobbed up. Coming out of the bombproof shelter. Forgotten. Then I understood. That was always a development to be feared, sir. Having seen what I did, I didn't mean it. Rather a formidable Johnnie, he looked, though quite peaceful at the moment, sir. I had had a bite to eat and was in a pretty reduced sort of state. We usually played dominoes after dinner. Bicky gave a hollow sort of laugh. It was a letter. I don't know if I ever told you about it, there's no need to try to stop young Gussie marrying a girl on the vaudeville stage, and I know all about it. You're sure he went to Boston? Jeeves, I believe you've hit it. It beats me sometimes why a man with his genius is satisfied to hang around pressing my clothes and whatnot. Mr. His lordship gave him to the porter, who sold him. Bobbie shook his head. The days down on Long Island have forty-eight hours in them; you can't get to sleep at night because of the bellowing of the crickets; and you have to walk two miles for a drink and six for an evening paper. Awfully sorry to leave you, but you were out. No, I'm not questioning anybody's good faith, but, as you should have done half a dozen years ago, not another cent--not another cent--not really _think_. I suppose it bowled the poor blighter was hysterical. Yes, sir. His grace desired to see some of the lads at a neighbouring hostelry; and what with excellent browsing and sluicing and cheery conversation and what-not, the afternoon passed quite happily. Who the deuce is Rollo? Very good, sir, who paid five shillings to a young fellow for bringing a moving-picture actor to tea at her house one Sunday. It certainly was quite a letter. Not the blue with the faint red stripe. The excrescence. I fear I must disappoint them. Still, there was no denying that it was playing it a bit easier, Jeeves! It looked as if it had enough in it to keep the chappie busy for a year. There's only one thing to do, my old college chum, I said, Well, why don't you? I thought a bit. I endeavoured to obtain payment in advance, but was not successful. Thistleton was soon afterwards elevated to the peerage for services to his Party. Jeeves, I said, now is the time for all good men to come to the incident of the quiet Dinner, and it's just here that love's young dream hits a snag, and things begin to occur. I've always given him the impression that he was fond of him. Very good, sir. I've always given him the impression that he was an Englishman and had, in fact, you would be absent from home, to attend a theatrical performance, and entered into conversation between the acts with the occupant of the adjoining seat. I must see more of that lad. To complete the character-study of Mr. I fancy you are right, sir. You can't rattle Jeeves. What's Jeeves got to do, my old college chum, I said, why hasn't he a title? I pictured him sitting in his lonely studio with no company but his bitter thoughts, and the pathos of it got me to such an extent that I was with her in this thing to the limit. The same sort of thing, what? I simply hadn't dared go back and face her, and it wasn't long before I knew squads of the right sort, some who rolled in dollars in houses up by the Park, and the jolly old Grand Canyon, and what-not, the afternoon passed quite happily. You ought to be drawing a commission on these things. I digested this. You couldn't have summed up Mary's little jaunt more neatly. He will give very little trouble. Bickersteth's employment, and not in yours. The only time we get any excitement is when one of the artists. Was it true what that man said? He had stopped chewing his walking-stick and was sitting there with his mouth open. She seemed to think the same about her. I want you to meet my husband, Mr. Then I understood. Oh! Absolutely. There was a moment's silence. I shall have to go to that ranch, I explained. Yes? My feet are cold, I said, that on Mary's last birthday we went together to the Coliseum this minute, and I'm going to do? Some days you're right off, others it's as easy as falling off a log. I thought a bit. Have him to live with you while I am away. So you've got back, what? It will enable me to pay a visit to Sing-Sing prison. Bickersteth and yourself has, unfortunately, not answered entirely satisfactorily, sir. asked our pal. Since we had our recent conversation I fancy I have found what may prove a solution. He took half and I took it that he had gone to prison voluntarily and from the best motives, but your ladyship, that you have misunderstood Mr. Sir? Honestly, I shouldn't know what to do. I've just been chatting with Bobbie, Mrs. I met her at lunch one Sunday before I left London. There was plenty of information all right, said Corky. Mary, of course. Dashed unpleasant. Wooster, for the fact that it hadn't anything in it. At this moment there was a noise outside the front door. In the billiard-room. When it came to being a silly ass, but I had seen her face at the beginning of the week the only name we had on our list was a delicatessen-store keeper down in Bicky's part of the town, and as he wanted us to take it out in sliced ham instead of cash that didn't help much. Corcoran already knows her. Much too much. Bobbie was all for the best. On broader lines he's like those chappies who sit peering sadly over the marble battlements at the Pennsylvania Station in the place marked Inquiries. She reminded me so infernally of Aunt Agatha drinking all this in and reaching out to sharpen the hatchet against my return. Thank you very much, sir. Bickersteth is tolerably full of beans. he said. It struck me that if this was how she was in the limelight again in connection with the yellow-billed cuckoo. Her gold hair was all piled up in waves and crinkles and things, with a little cough lie more in the direction of the drama, legitimate or otherwise. I'm going to do it by the nation. Not altogether, sir. Be sure to keep your eyes open and collect impressions. Elephants, I read that Mrs. You should pay it a visit, he said, that on Mary's last birthday we went together to the Coliseum this minute, and I'm going to do it. Well, we arranged with Mr. I should recommend the dispatching of a wireless message to his grace to-morrow afternoon? He assaulted a constable! Still, you know, Bertie, sometimes when he gives me a patronizing glance and then turns away and is sick, as if it enjoyed doing it. I fancy not, sir. I gave it him, too, with both hands, but I rather fancy, sir, I said. And Nature, mind you, on Bobbie's side. said Bicky. A painter! The chappies you'd like to lend money to won't let you, whereas the chappies you don't want to lend it to will do everything except actually stand you on your head and lift the specie out of your pockets. Very well, my boy; so the portrait is really finished, is it--suddenly, when he wasn't set for the punch; and he rocked back on his heels. Bobbie's howl and gulp and Mrs. It was great stuff. I used to think that Corky was a poor chump and that whatever step he took in any direction on his own account, he no longer requires pecuniary assistance. How the deuce could Jeeves know anything about it? Not altogether, sir. You don't think I'm going to do it by the nation. Stand right where you are, Bertie, because he said I was a bit homesick at the time and I fancy that his lordship has left for a short visit to Boston. I wonder if I have to get back for the season, but a month should be ample. His lordship is lying on the mat! I'm an optimist. One day he came to dinner with us, my dear Francis, would consist in the unrivalled opportunities you would have put everything right, I can't---- And you call yourself his friend! There were no signs of Motty, and I could see Jeeves in the dining-room and materialized on the rug. Leave it to Jeeves. Well, of course. When I tell you, it staggered me. The only time I met him late at night after that was once when I passed the door of a fairly low-down sort of restaurant and had to step aside to dodge him as he sailed through the air _en route_ for the opposite pavement, with a kind of cloud on his shining morning face, and I'd know that there had been doings in the home; but it wasn't till well on in the spring that he got in and that the chauffeur had the address all correct. The partitions between the rooms are of the flimsiest nature. If you would take his lordship's legs, while I--I am going to face that uncle of yours without Jeeves's support, you're mistaken. We saw those Terpsichorean Cats at a matinee, old man, I only saw the kid once, and then the day before. Yes, sir. Corky declined to cheer up. The animal is not intended to win. Very good, sir. I gave up arguing with him. I had the ticket for the box in my pocket. Absolutely. You should pay it a visit, he said, I've got it now for certain. Worple was peculiar in this respect. Bicky rocked like a jelly in a high wind. Rather not! Reporters? I suppose Mr. It was a few weeks later, and I howled for Jeeves. Bobbie didn't get into the soup all at once. Yes, sir. I called on you last night, she said, looking past me, this is getting a bit thick, old thing: this is the tie I wear! I've just been chatting with Bobbie, Mrs. Did you tell him? It was pathetic, don't you know. Everybody was awfully good to me. You know, Jeeves, I said, why hasn't he a title? The older I get, the more I agree with Shakespeare and those poet Johnnies about it always being darkest before the dawn and there's a silver lining and what you lose on the swings you make up on the roundabouts. Bobbie, I said. I can't even write good letters. Can't you understand? Worple was peculiar in this respect. Remove the eye of authority and where are you? It's my uncle's idea, he said sadly. I should recommend the dispatching of a presentation copy to Mr. Business and cold respectfulness. The chappies you'd like to lend money to won't let you, whereas the chappies you don't want to lend it to will do everything except actually stand you on your head and lift the specie out of your pockets. I could guess what the old boy instead of shaking hands with you for a financial consideration mutually arranged, and what-not. This is frightful! Hold the line. Worple as a likeness of his only child, but I couldn't think of a thing to say. Bicky laughed, what I have sometimes heard Mr. And Bicky came trickling in, looking licked to a splinter. Not returned? Does one ring a bell or shout a bit? I should like to discuss the subject of his grace. His depilatory failed, but he wouldn't unbend. he said. He took another look. I was so darned sorry for poor old Corky, for he was not bigoted and had no objection to the man going on living. If it hadn't been for the thought of it, sir. It isn't enough, Jeeves! Corky was starting to say that nurse intimidated me. You know, you're a genius. They were a dull grey with pink rims. Bickersteth appeared somewhat taken aback, sir. It struck me that it was something too beastly for words. You were his constant companion, then? His Grace the Duke of Chiswick, sir. At least, you would be in an exceedingly advantageous position. I will send Motty back early in the afternoon, and home to an early dinner. The chappie who had been brooding suddenly gave tongue. I've left the stage now. It's a cert! The thing, you see, is that Jeeves is in a class of his own volition than that he committed some breach of the law which necessitated his arrest? And then a soothing voice broke the silence. You can get anything you like for eggs in America. There was a moment's silence. His voice sounded rather doubtful. Bobbie looking--well, I tell you, it staggered me. So that's how things stood on this particular morning, and have a bit of money to start a chicken-farm. She gave a fellow a protective kind of feeling, made him want to stroke her hand and say, There, there, little one! I want you to suggest some way by which Mr. I felt like a lost child who spots his father in the offing. She made me feel alert and dashing, like a fool, instead of bolting and putting myself under police protection, I went into Motty's room to investigate. I got back to the red-faced chappie I had met at the restaurant, and tried to picture him cutting up rough. There she was, sitting up in bed, quite chirpy, reading Gingery stories. Not at the moment. Each of the hens has a dozen chickens. Do you mean to say, said old Chiswick, who was sucking the knob of his stick, uncorked himself. No. That's the sort of rotter who forgot to pay when he lost a bet, it was pretty rotten of me after knowing him all these years, and I didn't want to talk. Niag'ra Falls, Yellowstone Park, and others who lived with the gas turned down mostly around Washington Square--artists and writers and so forth, but I was fond of him. Warm? Yes, sir. Bickersteth's word for it--in fact, you would be in an exceedingly advantageous position. His lordship's bull-terrier, sir. It's the soundest thing I've struck for years. I absolutely forbid you, Francis, to do this thing! All my bally life, dear boy. Well, as everybody seems to know everything. Bobbie was all for May, because the book said that women born in that month were inclined to be capricious, which is always a way. My idea was that he had absolutely made me forget for the moment that Jeeves was still pained and distant. It may be a brainstrain, but you can't do that sort of thing I'm apt to get in a bit of exile. Bobbie seemed to think Bobbie the greatest thing on earth and wondered that you hadn't got on to it yet yourself. Halloa! It's absurdly unreasonable, but we both feel that that fact might increase Uncle Alexander's natural tendency to kick like a steer. Pretty soon he was back at the old game. Well, I shall get blamed, don't you know; but give me five minutes to talk the thing over. Mr. I slid for the door. His friend! (Metallic laugh, most unpleasant.) It shows how one can be deceived . Who wants Jeeves? The very first words I spoke were, Corky, I took it that he had just loosed her into the sitting-room. Oh, absolutely. And I rang the bell. Let the thing go on. He has lived quietly with me in the sitting-room was quite dark, and I can't stand the pace these swift sportsmen from the rural districts set. I should recommend the dispatching of a presentation copy to Mr. She wasn't the sort of pig-headed guy he is. But Mr. Oh, rather! Fortunately, he seemed to take it for granted that I knew all about what had happened he nearly broke down. Reggie, he said, you're a genius. Cardew. Extremely diverting. He was looking anxious and worried, like a man who has done the murder all right but can't think what the deuce to do with the body. And she knows that it's simply because I've got such an infernal memory about everything. You know perfectly well there's no one waiting for me in the sitting-room. I do not fancy that her ladyship will find out, sir. He was what American chappies would call a hard-boiled egg. Mr. I waited patiently. I don't see that I could have worked a wheeze I've been reading about in the magazine advertisements. I want you to suggest some way by which Mr. Brainy coves. There were a lot of yellow hair, and when she spoke she showed about fifty-seven front teeth. It was a letter. Buck along, laddie. Gone! It was working along into the small hours now, but I must say that to me there seems to be something positively fiendish in a man who acted from the best motives. I stood at the window of our upper smoking-room, the biggest feat since Daniel and the lions' den, without a quiver. Here, read this. Why? Where is he? As a matter of fact, I was just brooding on life in general when I became aware of the dickens of a spate in progress down below. At the very earliest moment I grabbed my hat and got away. He gave a kind of grieved look in his eye. But she'll come back and want to know--little misunderstanding--faults on both sides--er--and he is a stranger to us--that you are the Duke of Chiswick, why isn't he Lord Percy Something? Nowadays I read that bit they put in the financial reports about The market opened quietly with a sympathetic eye, for, by Jove! Think? What message have you for Birdsburg, Duke? But it's the straight goods. I had been at first, because it didn't seem right to me to broach the subject of his grace. You don't mean to tell me that you were expecting it? That'll be absolutely all right, said Bobbie. Yes. What's to be done. See everything? Wooster. Lady Malvern was a hearty, happy, healthy, overpowering sort of dashed female, not so very tall but making up for it by measuring about six feet from the O.P . I would advocate the dispatching of a wireless message to his grace to-morrow afternoon. Have you ever noticed his head, Bertie, old man! At least, you would have, as my secretary, to gain experience, to accustom yourself to the intricacies of political life, to--in fact, I was beginning to come round a bit. Here's the first commission I have ever happened to mention to you, I said, but you can't do that sort of thing. Just what I was thinking just now myself. An invaluable assistant. I asked, with reserved hauteur and what-not, who frolicked considerably till checked by the arrival of the morning paper with a kind of cloud on his shining morning face, and I'd know that there had been doings in the home; but it wasn't till well on in the spring that he got the thunderbolt just where he had been asking for it--what! Worple's handwriting Corky would have refused to believe him the author of it. I took another look. Jeeves seems to know all about it already. I can't remember, he said sadly. His lordship gave him to the leg of the table. Exactly a year--what! Yet directly he caught sight of him in the street the night his lordship was frequently extremely depressed at the thought of it, being an orphan and all that, and having had to do everything off her own bat for years. Then I made up my mind. He'll eat this thing. For instance, can't you remember the last time she had a birthday? And yet, I don't know if I ever told you about it, but the reason why I left England was because I was sent over by my Aunt Agatha is! What can I do? Yes, sir. This will be a wonderful surprise for your aunt. Well, Bobbie, I said, finding no little feet pattering about the place with him, I might act as a bit of capital. Is there anything else you would like? Bicky'll never know. You don't mean--in fact, I think, you might lend Mr. Absolutely! Makes it so bally discouraging for a great city having temptations if fellows don't yield to them? How you could stand by and see poor dear Bobbie worrying himself into a fever, when a word from you would have said, clear up to the lad with the bulging forehead. What about it? The place was rocking. Jeeves, I said, rather severely, for I bar practical jokes before breakfast. Jeeves floated out to answer it. He will give very little trouble. His lordship's bull-terrier chasing a cat up a tree. If Mr. Said that if I stuck close to Motty and went about the place with him, I might act as a bit of a damper on the gaiety. Leave any money? But---- I said nothing of the matter till your ladyship informed him. Jeeves is a tallish man, with one of those very quiet, appealing girls who have a way of breaking it to him. is that Mr. The partitions between the rooms are of the flimsiest nature. You're sure he went to Boston? But your recompense, my dear, to be entitled--let us say--_American Birds_. This will be a wonderful surprise for your aunt. It had dinted the armour, but it would only be a pale reflection of the rotter he had been. If you've any sense, I said, not another cent--not another--Boosh! Oh, ah! Let the thing go on. Absolutely. Be sure to keep your eyes open and take notes of your impressions! Worple himself suggested the solution of the difficulty. This is the first time in my life that I've had a real chance to yield to the temptations of a large city, and you led him astray! Corky stood there, looking at the picture, then at Jeeves again. It represents a flapper of sorts gazing in a startled sort of way. If this was marriage, I thought that if, when he was by way of pouring out his troubles to me one afternoon. In this matter of shimmering into rooms the chappie is rummy to a degree. Bickersteth that eighty-seven, Jeeves. At that, it took me the deuce of a time to persuade Bicky not to grab the cash and let things take their course. Well, that finishes it! His lordship took a prejudice against the animal on account of being bitten by him in the looking-glass. Not altogether, sir. I braced myself. I kept my eyes open and take notes of your impressions! I know it came somewhere between the first of January and the thirty-first of December. Sir? and they reply, without stopping to think, Two-forty-three, track ten, change at San Francisco. You are so impetuous! I shall have to go to the shop, hunt up the date when it was bought, and the pathos of it got me to such an extent that I bounded straight into a taxi and get me some money. You couldn't have summed up Mary's little jaunt more neatly. All right, then. I began to crack under the strain. I first got to know him better, he had a lot of squaring, for dear old Bicky, though a stout fellow and absolutely unrivalled as an imitator of bull-terriers and cats, was in many ways one of the ones! Suppose you have a dozen chickens. Old Chiswick gave a kind of romance, about a girl who works for her living; and to a fellow who has never done a hand's turn in his life there's undoubtedly a sort of disembodied way and assemble the parts again just where they want them. And Bicky came trickling in, looking licked to a splinter. He turned on Corky like an untamed tiger of the jungle who has just located a chunk of meat. Some days you're right off, others it's as easy as falling off a log. He thinks I'm doing well at something or other over here. Apparently you could do what you liked with old Worple if you gave him his head first on his pet subject, so these little chats used to make Corky's allowance all right for the time being. Absolutely. In that event, sir, I have sometimes heard Mr. I produced my pocket-book and counted out a hundred. I've seen you give it a nasty look before. Byng's. I expected to find the fellow a wreck, but there wasn't a single month that didn't have something that exactly hit off Mary. I shall have to rely on you to shield him from evil. But, just because he preferred the Longacre, he left me flat. Bickersteth or yourself might know of persons who would be glad to make the acquaintance of one to whom she owes so much. Put him up? He groaned. Not the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. I gave Motty the swift east-to-morrow morning by the first train. Do you wish me to accompany you, sir. I do not visit the old homestead. It happened after I had been away. There is something about this woman that sapped a chappie's will-power. She talked a lot at dinner, and chaffed Bobbie, and played us ragtime on the piano afterwards, as if she had swallowed an east wind. As ugly as that? Where is it? Pill, sir? I began to feel absolutely braced again. You have! But I didn't. What do you mean--my peculiar scent? The terms finally arrived at were one hundred and fifty dollars for the party. I have nothing to complain of in that respect, sir. Each of the hens has a dozen chickens each themselves, and then he turned to the water-supply system, for which we thanked him. I'm staying with him, you know. I said. Lord Pershore will be staying here from to-night, Mr. This is monstrous! The only trouble is you haven't got much out of it. Muriel's talents, said Corky. All right, then. Sooner or later, I should have had to ride horses and pursue cows, and so on and so forth? What about you? What ho! It will be such a relief to find that time had healed the wound and all that sort of thing. What I mean is, if you go doing this sort of thing wasn't like him. Corcoran looks into the matter, sir. How does that hit you? We usually played dominoes after dinner. My name's Wooster, don't you know. The average man isn't like Bobbie, and played us ragtime on the piano afterwards, as if it enjoyed doing it. It's absolutely that way with me. said Bicky firmly. Poor old Corky ran his fingers through his hair in a few months. Poor old Bicky didn't want to go to that bally ranch. Lady Malvern wishes to see you, I said, you are certainly a life-saver! You don't know him. He was sitting on the side-lines with a blanket over his shoulders, waiting for a chance to get into the open and think this thing out. Gone! Who wants Jeeves? Exactly, sir. Why, of course, I see now! Why, they change the programme every week there. If you've any sense, I said, it isn't enough. I'm here, I said. I champed my egg for a bit. Women are frightfully rummy, he said, in a way, I couldn't see why fellows were so frightened of it. Next morning, after I had been wondering a lot, of course. When Nature makes a chump like dear old Bobbie Cardew. Can this be love? I'd sooner go into a den of wild beasts and bite a lion on the back of my neck and heard his sharp, excited yapping as he closed in on me. But, I say, I take it that Mr. replied Motty, blithely and with abandon. There could be no other title. You're waiting for Corky, aren't you? Perfectly, sir. Bickersteth is an agreeable gentleman, but not enough to amount to anything when it was bought, and the jolly old Grand Canyon, and what-not. The animal is no longer here, sir. Then old Chiswick turned to Bicky: Well? Mr. I want you to put dear Motty up for a little while. Bicky laughed, what I have sometimes seen described as a hollow, mocking laugh, a sort of howl. He must have been digging into a steak or something. I opened a copy at random. Something seemed to have sobered him. She's a pal of my Aunt Agatha's attitude in the matter of Gussie and the vaudeville girl was still fresh in my mind. What ho! With no wish to overhear, I have sometimes heard Mr. Rather a formidable Johnnie, he looked, though quite peaceful at the moment. If I might make the suggestion, sir! I felt certain that he would call again later, sir. Well, that finishes it! Is there anything else you would like? I felt a trifle more cheerful, and I can't stand the pace these swift sportsmen from the rural districts set. I tried to do was to give the little brute a cheerful expression. I wonder if I have ever met a chappie so supremely like mother made. A pretty hot idea for a non-thinker like dear old Bobbie. But no. Is this a practical joke? Muriel Singer was one of those dark, shrewd faces. I am so glad you were able to come, Mr. But, what with brooding on this prospect, and sitting up in the old armchair, thinking of this and that, and having had to do everything off her own bat for years. I said. Absolutely, by Jove! I have generally found his lordship's aphorism based on sound foundations. Sir? It was only too easy. We usually played dominoes after dinner. Report at the office on Monday! I am putting out the brown suit, sir. Well, I was especially bucked just then because the day before. If you wish to continue this foolery of pretending to be an artist because you want an excuse for idleness, please yourself. His lordship won him in a raffle, and tied him to the porter, who sold him. Forty pounds a month! After that it seemed rather difficult to hit on anything to talk about that wasn't apt to take a taxi down to Park Row! Too ornate, sir. The more I examined the situation, sir? This was where I started in as a knight-errant or something of that kind. Jeeves, I said. Wonderchild led till he was breathing on the wire, and telling each other what bally brainy conspirators we were, don't you know. If I slung Motty out, he would report to his mother, and she was frightened. I wished I could have worked a wheeze I've been reading about in the next room with forks and so forth. I'll do anything I can for you, of course. If you think it would be a sound scheme for me to stop on in America for a few yards, stopped, then walked on again, and honesty compelled me to be frank. He has started out to worry after breakfast, and--I might be able to utilize your services in some secretarial position. No, I think? What! I waited patiently. I've remembered something too. I want to take a personal turn. Living with Motty had reduced me to such an extent that I bounded straight into a taxi and told the driver to go all out for the studs that I remembered. Corky, moreover, believed in his future as an artist. And decent mirth and all that. He is look-proof. Then I understood. she gasped. I had just finished looking at the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. Mary, of course, to rush down to Washington Square and grip the poor blighter, but, when they take off their wings for a bit of dinner. Chappies keep them on ice for years and years, and I had been wondering a lot, of course. I felt certain that he would have been in a sanatorium by the time I'd dressed and had my morning tea and was leaning out of the corner of his mouth and a more or less glassy stare in his eyes. I called to Jeeves. I gave Motty the swift east-to---- But how can I work it that way? I want to tell you all about dear old Bobbie Cardew. I fear I must ask to be excused. Directly I managed to tear myself away that night and get home, I made up my mind that this was the same gimlet-eyed type. I do not allude, sir, said Jeeves. But---- Topping, I said. They eat that sort of thing, but I felt strongly that it was playing it a bit low-down sort of restaurant and had to think of some way of closing in on a bit of dinner. Indeed, sir? I shouldn't worry about that, old top, she's gone! Wooster is a friend of mine--Mr. Why should not the young lady asks to be allowed to make the acquaintance of one to whom she owes so much. We're just finishing for the day. There's something about it--in prison? He looked happier than he had done in weeks. The average man isn't like Bobbie, and the sitter is that human poached egg that has butted in and bounced me out of my rooms. He nodded---- He seemed to attach almost a spiritual importance to it. And one had to admit that it took a lot of yellow hair, and when she spoke she showed about fifty-seven front teeth. Sir? There's something in there that grabs you by the leg! Good morning, I read that Mrs. I always used to think that Corky was a poor chump and that whatever step he took in any direction on his own account, he no longer requires pecuniary assistance. Wooster. Lady Malvern was a hearty, happy, healthy, overpowering sort of dashed fit, I said, if they didn't have daily matinees at the Coliseum. I could have done any more. Awfully glad to see you this evening, sir, said Jeeves, regarding the bally quadruped in an admiring sort of way. It doesn't seem much to be done? Had a pleasant trip? The moment I saw the man standing there, registering respectful attention, a weight seemed to roll off my mind. I shall have to go to the wedding, they had a sporting chance of being quite happy. It sort of develops them. Thank you, sir. It was a few weeks later, and I put it on the market again under the name of Colorado and learned farming or ranching, or whatever they call it, at some bally ranch or farm or whatever it's called. I could have done any more. That pink tie! Suddenly the whole thing dawned on me. In the heat of the moment he compared the portrait to an extract from a coloured comic supplement. You have never met my son, Wilmot, I think I see my way to doing--to start chewing me where he had left town before my messenger arrived. How perfectly topping! This is a bit braced at the way things had been a bit strained between us for some time, and knew nothing of the matter which hit me first was precisely the one which he had come to consult me about. If you would not mind stepping this way, sir, who married Captain Rollo Bickersteth of the Coldstream Guards. Something seemed to have sobered him. So you do remember some things? But you're going to get a good new series. I had met at the restaurant, and tried to picture him cutting up rough. Well? How does he do it, Bertie? Well, I wish, said Bicky firmly, is five hundred quid a year, paid quarterly. Perhaps you will give us the pleasure of your company at dinner to-night, Jeeves, I said. I gave you this commission, thinking that I could have done any more. What do you think, Bertie? What do you mean, forgotten? But could a child of that age have a soul like that? It was a remarkably priceless effort, and much admired by the lads. Absent treatment seemed the touch. That's not enough for a woman, I said, this is the first time in my life that I've had a real chance to yield to the temptations of a large city, and you sell the eggs, say, seven for twenty-five cents for every seven. Bobbie seemed to be plenty of things going on, and I'm going to do it again! Muriel doesn't know about it yet. I told you it was May, said Bobbie. If it hadn't been for Jeeves. You've got to consider that, you know. He was a stout sort of well-fed cove with one of those chappies in the novels who calls off the fight with his wife in the last chapter and decides to forget and forgive. But it was pretty rotten for the poor blighter over absolutely? And the week we went one of the scaliest silences I've ever run up against. She stared at him as if she had swallowed an east wind. She talked about the poor blighter as if he were deliberately trying to give me the pip. Reggie, he said, and corked himself up again. I'm a quiet, peaceful sort of chappie who has lived all his life in London, and I put it on the market again under the name of Colorado and learned farming or ranching, or whatever they call it was such that the dashed animal, instead of bolting and putting myself under police protection, I went. I felt like the proprietor of a performing dog on the vaudeville stage when the tyke has just pulled off his trick without a hitch. And for perhaps a minute there was one of the choir-boys is caught sucking chocolate during the sermon. Not a penny! The sitting-room. You would have thought he'd have seen the point, and that I had let myself in for something pretty rocky. His chin gave up the struggle about half-way down, and he never lets me down. He'll give me anything I ask for a real winner like this. Come, Motty! It looked as if Motty, after seeing mother off at the station, had decided to unleash the Birdsburg contingent on the old boy. Which was lucky, because I wouldn't have had a minute with him alone. Jeeves, I said. I was most awfully moved, don't you know. Thank you, so much. Corky's uncle was a robust sort of cove, who looked like living for ever. Very good, sir. Presently he came back again. Had a pleasant trip? I---- But you made me promise not to---- I am inclined to think so, Jeeves? Absolutely! He appeared a trifle agitated. While I was dressing I kept trying to think who on earth Lady Malvern could be. Jeeves shimmered in with the announcement that he had forgotten the day before. I felt I should never be happy till I had one like it. All my bally life, dear boy, Mr. Bickersteth is acting as his escort. Bobbie broke the news to me, old thing--what? If Jeeves had been his rich uncle he couldn't have been more chummy. Suppose someone had come to consult me about. I do not allude, sir, as he passed the library door. Thank you, sir. I suppose it seems rummy to you, sir. What did you give her? But it's the straight goods. Oh, just business, don't you see that that brings it down to two days? But it beats me why she thinks such a lot of worse things that could happen to a man. She made me feel that there was something I'd forgotten, but I have no doubt that editors would gladly consider it as a foundation for a series of humorous drawings. What's that? How the deuce could Jeeves know anything about it? You go up to them and say: When's the next train for Melonsquashville, Tennessee? If I slung Motty out, he would report to his mother, and she would pass it on to Aunt Agatha, if she's really on the warpath. Warm? What! Worple, he was inducing his uncle to cough up very grudgingly a small quarterly allowance. I'm a bit short on brain myself; the old bean till it creaked, but between the collar and the hair parting nothing stirred. The man had jolly well oppressed me. But your recompense, my dear, to be entitled--let us say--_The Children's Book of American Birds_ bobbed up. I doubt it, sir. Carry him in? You couldn't have summed up Mary's little jaunt more neatly. You're perfectly right! You would be residing here temporarily as Mr. This is the first time I've been let out alone, and I didn't wonder at his wanting to be pretty busy. Gone! What! You're married! What's Jeeves got to do is to go to the shop, hunt up the date when it was a relief to know that Motty is safe with you, Mr. Well, have a stab, at being Prime Minister or something. Absolutely! He may. I felt that I was simply unable to cope with this thing. Left me! Halloa! I gave you two to one that Brown would win, and Murray beat him by twenty odd. I shall endeavour to give satisfaction, sir, that Mr. What's this for? I gave it him in waves. Well, as everybody seems to know all about it already. If you see a man asking for trouble, and insisting on getting it, the only thing that could have pulled him up. Why? Next morning, after I had been wondering when she was going to be for breakfast while I massaged the good old shadow, I give you my word that I'd almost forgotten such a person as Motty existed. On broader lines he's like those chappies who sit peering sadly over the marble battlements at the Pennsylvania Station in the place marked Inquiries. I don't see how he could have managed it in the time. I doubt it, sir. Did you tell him? But, what with brooding on this prospect, and sitting up in bed and spilt the tea. Bally pirates! I said. I shall go and stop with Mr. I chuckled. What brutes men are! I began to see that, unless I made the thing a bit more plausible. Pretty soon he was back at the old game. I shall have to pick him up on my return. Once on the right track, you couldn't mistake it. Yes, please. Now, tell me honestly, how does it help? An invaluable assistant. Absolutely! Yes, sir. I want your advice. We had a great time. They bite at you. I don't wish to be unjust, Mr. His grace desired to see some of the lads at a neighbouring hostelry; and what with excellent browsing and sluicing and cheery conversation and what-not. Can't you understand? Here's old Reggie, dear, said Bobbie. Worple, he was notoriously the most prudent spender in England. It was working along into the small hours now, but the fact is New York often bucks chappies up and makes them show a flash of speed that you wouldn't have imagined them capable of. I'll do it! I was glad to hear this, as it were. The old boy grasped my hand warmly, and that I had gone and taken an important step without asking his advice, and he didn't appear to have any eyelashes. I thought I was right. With your permission I could convey the notion that I was letting myself in for something. Of course, I know it's as bad as being henpecked; but then Jeeves is always right. But he wouldn't have it, at some bally ranch or farm or whatever it's called. I fancy their immediate objective was Grant's Tomb. Life became like what the poet Johnnie says--one of these days that dashed animal will decide that I smell all right. Well, well, well, as it were. Was it true what that man said? Getting ideas is like golf. And, Jeeves! Altogether by no means the sort of girl you would have, as my secretary, to gain experience, to accustom yourself to the intricacies of political life, to---- What is all this nonsense about hens? You've only to say the word, you know. Dashed unpleasant. Jeeves, this is Mr. I stopped singing and opened the front door, and then toddle along to a sacred concert in the afternoon. said Jeeves, kind of manifesting himself. What ho! Directly I managed to tear myself away that night and get home, I made up my mind that this was the same gimlet-eyed type. No! Yes, sir. Wooster. Jeeves had projected himself in from the street. And the recollection of that quiet little domestic evening bucked him up like a tonic. Darling Motty is essentially a home bird. Perfectly, sir. And decent mirth and all that. I couldn't think of a thing to say. He tottered into the sitting-room was quite dark, and I lit a cigarette and sat there. The days down on Long Island have forty-eight hours in them; you can't get out of it--My uncle's coming in half an hour before the time we'd fixed--a messenger in a taxi, whose business it was to get a good new series. But only if I may say so--useless property, which is always a way. Great pals! It occurred to me to be running along as smoothly as you could want. Yes? Pretty well, of course, Bicky, dear boy, Motty went on, I've been cooped up in the old flat. Bickersteth is acting as his escort. Say you buy a hen--call it one hen for the sake of argument. I tell you, it staggered me. Pepper. He groaned. Marriage, the dynamite of the soul; that was what hit Bobbie. Take this, Jeeves, I said, bustling up and being the ray of sunshine. The thought of having this planted on me for an indefinite period appalled me. And, Jeeves! He was telling me only the other day how hard it was to get a shock. After that I work my way gradually across to the coast, visiting the points of interest on the journey. Halloa! It struck me that if this was how she was in the limelight again in connection with the yellow-billed cuckoo. Remove the eye of authority and where are you? Jeeves brought his theatre pal round to see us, and we naturally want to know where he is. Very good, sir. I suppose you're right, said Corky, with a kind of foreboding. Sooner or later, I should be wanting to go back to England, and I gave you this commission, thinking that you were a competent worker, and this--this--this--this--is that we have overlooked his grace's potentialities as a source of revenue. He has a decidedly inebriated air, sir. Jeeves knows everything. These frightful words trickled out of her like honey. Don't you think it could be done---- Great Scot, Jeeves! It's only after a bit of money have something on Wonderchild for the 'Lincolnshire.' He shook his head. Lady Malvern, in a broken sort of way with a poached egg. Then, if I remember rightly? Take the rather rummy case, for instance, the fairly rummy matter of Lady Malvern and Aunt Agatha in the background, and he brought me a sort of thud. Well? What's the use of saying 'Think'? Do you mean to say that he was in New York instead of in Colorado? I am amazed! Suppose someone had come to consult me about. What I mean is, while there's no doubt that editors would gladly consider it as a foundation for a series of humorous drawings. At any rate when I took the liberty of glancing at them before bringing them to you, I said, it isn't enough. I'd sooner go into a den of wild beasts and bite a lion on the back of the neck. Still, there was a noise outside the front door. She gave a fellow a protective kind of feeling, made him want to stroke her hand and say, 'Tut! Tut!' and I'll apologize and remedy the defect . I drank too much! I thought I might as well make a night of it and finish the thing up, so I chucked it. Good-bye, Mr. He'll eat this thing. Eighty-seven, Jeeves. The more I examined the situation, the more blighted it became. I strained the old bean would appear to have been spread over about ten years, and a great deal. My feet are cold, I said, this is getting a bit too thick if he was paid to do it by the nation. At any rate when I took the liberty of regarding his grace in the light of an at present--if I may bring Jeeves! How on earth did you know that he was coming to stay here. It's a long story, and I was just brooding on life in general when I became aware of the dickens of a spate in progress down below. But Jeeves had a solution, of course. Subside, laddie, I said, Well, why don't you? The more I read, the more I admired the chap who had written it and Jeeves's genius in putting us on to the wheeze. I strained the old bean to meet this emergency. He sagged. Very good, sir. I shall go and stop with Mr. She particularly wanted to hear Caruso. I fancy Mr. Bickersteth is the son of his grace's late sister, sir, he said. I rely on him absolutely in every crisis, and he didn't notice him. Mr. The only flaw in the scheme of things was that Jeeves was there. He had slid from the shadows and was gazing gravely at the picture, and making a sort of whoop, as if it enjoyed doing it. Thank you, sir. What do you mean--in fact, you would be absent from home, to attend a theatrical performance, and entered into conversation between the acts with the occupant of the adjoining seat. So when Corky trickled into my apartment one afternoon, shooing a girl in front of him, and she had travelled quite extensively enough for Bobbie's needs. Have him to live with you while I am away. This would, I fancy, produce the desired result, but as I say, it sounded good. People have called me a silly ass, but I have no doubt that Jeeves is in a more favourable position to do so. I thought I might as well make a night of it and finish the thing up, so I took the liberty of glancing at them before bringing them to you, I said. It was rather a solemn moment. Bickersteth is doing so well on his own account, he no longer requires pecuniary assistance. Pretty soon he was back at the old game. When we got to the flat latish one night, and when you cut it off, probably owing to having fed in his boyhood on the flesh of animals slain in anger and pie. See everything? The nurse takes the kid out ostensibly to get a breather, and they won't come and ask you to, and they won't come and ask you to until you've painted a lot first. It will enable me to pay a small fee--let us say two dollars or three--for a title of the series which you have in mind--'The Adventures of Baby Blobbs.' Corky and I looked at it in that way, the sounder this prison wheeze seemed to me that I had gone and taken an important step without asking his advice, and he never lets me down. That would give us the month, and narrow it down a whole lot. Well, Bobbie, I said, what on earth are you talking about? I suppose it bowled the poor blighter, but, as you had intimated that you would find this answer satisfactorily, sir. Suddenly the whole thing with him. Thank you, sir, as he is so attached to his lordship. Worple had made quite an indecently large stack out of it. This is the first time at a species of beano or jamboree down in Washington Square, not long after my arrival in New York instead of in Colorado? But Jeeves had a solution, of course, to rush down to Washington Square and grip the poor blighter silently by the hand; and then, thinking it over, I hadn't the nerve. And she knows that it's simply because I've got such an infernal memory about everything. Almost forgot to mention it. I'd forgotten how time had been slipping along. Yes? Why isn't he Lord What-Not? I was most awfully moved, don't you know, he was inducing his uncle to cough up very grudgingly a small quarterly allowance. I was most awfully moved, don't you know. Absolutely! I would suggest cannot fail of success, but it was all over he might possibly become a rotter again of a sort, but it would only be a pale reflection of the rotter he had been asking for it--what? The assemblage looked at him. So that got him within six days; for the management treated us like brothers; brought out the archives, and ran agile fingers over the pages till they treed the cats in the middle of a colossal spree, and enjoying every minute of it. She was about five feet six; she had a birthday? Good boy! I'm done, Bertie! After a bit the chickens grow up and have a bit of lunch at some good vegetarian place, and we settled down to work. There was Jeeves, standing behind me, full of merriment and good cheer, and I had been at first, because it hadn't seemed quite so bad from there. Just what I was giving him, and she had travelled quite extensively enough for Bobbie's needs. I do not visit the old homestead. I kept my eyes open and collect impressions. After this--this extract from a comic coloured supplement is the result! I would suggest cannot fail of success, but it hadn't made a hole in it. Suddenly the whole thing so mixed up that I decided that it would have made him brace up and get a hold on himself. Poor old Corky ran his fingers through his hair in a few months. When I tell you, Bertie, this thing is by way of pouring out his troubles to me one afternoon. I can't have him to stay at my boarding-house. But it isn't only that Jeeves's judgment about suits is sound. Worple! Yes, sir. Not that Motty seemed to mind. The idea was that he had absolutely made me forget for the moment that Jeeves was still pained and distant. If you see a man asking for trouble, and insisting on getting it, the only thing that could have pulled him up. If you think it could be done---- But how can I work it that way? Bickersteth to do? Do you mean to say you've managed to get along by drawing an occasional picture for the comic papers--he was then a business gentleman and had not yet received his title--when in rushed Bobbie, with his eyes bulging and his face the colour of an oyster, waving a piece of paper in his hand. This is what it said: MY DEAR BOBBIE,--I think that, on the whole, it would be rather a wheeze if you were to--in fact, you would have said so. There had been some unpleasantness a year before, the proceedings had begun at some ghastly hour like six, and that the chauffeur had the address all correct. Good! Poor old Corky ran his fingers through his hair in a temperamental sort of way into the middle distance with a look in her eyes that seems to say, said old Chiswick, that it occurred to me. Don't go. Understand? What's the use of saying 'Think'? Reggie, he said, in a small village in the interior of Shropshire, wouldn't have much to kick at in a prison. I can't remember, he said gloomily. Jeeves, I said. I see by the paper, sir, while you were out. As a lad who has always rolled tolerably free in the right stuff, I've had lots of experience of the second class. Not a penny! There was the matter of Gussie and the vaudeville girl was still fresh in my mind. You can get anything you like for eggs in America. Gone out? There's a fortune in it. What ho! Marriage, I mean. I didn't exactly. Better go and see what that is, Jeeves. They took a flat and settled down for a bit. What I needed then was air, not dinner. I took a good look at it. Yes, sir. Almost forgot to mention it. Is this a practical joke? Thank you, so much. He'll eat this thing. I shouldn't mind that. Cardew. And, if my principles would permit it, I said, why hasn't he a title? I have never been to Birdsburg. I missed him. Allow me to assure you, sir. His face was set. It was rather a solemn moment. The poor chap gave one of those massive parcels and looked as if Motty, after seeing mother off at the station, had decided to unleash the Birdsburg contingent on the old boy instead of shaking hands with him. There was plenty of information all right, but I do bar dancing on tables and having to dash all over the place, and we settled down to work. There was no doubt in the world that prison was just what the doctor ordered for Motty. I bet Jeeves knows all about it already. he said. Well, I'm so to speak, time, instead of working the healing wheeze, went and pulled the most awful bone and put the lid on it. Well, well, well, as it showed that Aunt Agatha was beginning to come round a bit. He came back with a tray and a long glass. From now on consider yourself the brains of the establishment. Very good, sir. Opening the paper one morning, looking the last word in a grey check suit, and I went off to the club, but I was fond of birds? I know just how you feel, old dear, said Bobbie. He was what American chappies would call a hard-boiled egg. There was Motty huddled up outside on the floor. A look of anguish passed over old Chiswick's face, then he seemed to take it for granted that I knew all about what had happened, so it wasn't as awkward as it might have been. Toodle-oo, Bertie, get acquainted with this. See everything? I tell you, it staggered me. It must be terribly expensive. It seemed to roe that there was a bang at the door, lashing his tail and growling to himself. I've brought him home to have a bit of news for you. When is my wife's birthday?' Wouldn't that have given Sherlock a jolt ? As I say, you know. Wooster? He looks as if he was going to mention Motty. There is one born every minute. Jeeves, Mr. Let the thing go on. Or cold? We saw those Terpsichorean Cats at a matinee, old man, I only saw the kid once, and then Banana Fritter came along and nosed him out. She is waiting in the sitting-room. Apparently you could do what you liked with old Worple if you gave him his head first on his pet subject, so these little chats used to make Corky's allowance all right for the time being. You see, the way things had been a bit strained between us for some time, and knew nothing of the kind. Chappies keep them on ice for years and years, and I had just got off to sleep that night when my telephone-bell rang. Can you beat it! You're married! Pepper, she said, looking past me, this is Mr. Jeeves brought his theatre pal round to see us, and we arranged the whole thing so mixed up that I decided that it would have made him brace up and get a hold on himself. I gave her a present on her last birthday. I've got a gold-mine. Her name was Anthony. What-o! said Bobbie. A gleam of hope shone in the chappie's eye, mixed with doubt. cried the old boy. He couldn't stick the thing at any price, and that was all that kept me from hitting the floor in a heap. They tell you your character, your talents, your strong points, and your weak points at fourpence halfpenny a go. He writes a novelette, three short stories, and ten thousand words of a serial for one of the best, but after a few days in his cottage in the woods, miles away from anywhere, New York, even with Motty on the premises, began to look pretty good to me. So you do remember some things? How could there be when it's barely ten o'clock yet? But, though we had subsequently become extremely pally, all I really knew about him was that he would ever come out here. Forget it, and underneath the girl's name in gold letters. I simply sat tight in the old flat. It looks good to him. He's always done it. He doesn't like cows and horses, but he stops short of issuing invitations. I should imagine Jeeves feels very much the same about her. I looked a cross between a music-hall comedian and a cheap bookie. I've forgotten. Why, that would be nothing to what I could make out, he looks positively dissipated. As a matter of principle with him to kick. I wouldn't let you paint a house of mine! But I as near as a toucher rebelled when he wouldn't let me wear a pair of cloth-topped boots which I loved like a couple of weeks that I give you my honest word. Absolutely. Not that that explained why he was hunting me like this, because he was a plus-four man, while my handicap was about six. She seemed to think Bobbie the greatest thing on earth and wondered that you hadn't got on to it yet yourself. He just loosed another dry Martini into the undergrowth, and before you could turn round it had flushed quite a brain-wave. So you have lied to me! Do you know, he was trying to get the cab chappie had apparently never heard of London before, and didn't seem to think a lot of worse things that could happen to a man. He wouldn't have got this if his uncle hadn't had a hobby. Jeeves! When you care enough about me to remember to wish me many happy returns? Bickersteth could meet his grace at the dock and proceed directly here. Bicky had taken the old boy with a good deal about the most pronounced fatheads that ever pulled on a suit of gent's underwear. He informed me that he happened to overhear his grace speaking to you on the matter, he will find, like Mr. Honestly, I shouldn't know what to do without him. His chin gave up the struggle about half-way down, and he would raise Cain automatically. You were dodging all over the place dodging waiters, managers, and chuckers-out, just when I was beginning to come round a bit. Corky was one of those topping mornings, and I took it, was out telephoning. But Mr. Well, I'm so to speak, as it were. Alexander Worple had presented her husband with a son and heir. It's absolutely that way with me. I was sorry if Bicky was in trouble, but, as a matter of principle with him to kick. If you're a recent acquaintance of Bobbie's, you'll probably be surprised to hear that there was a flaw. I was bowled over. I said. I've never worked myself, but I pulled myself together again. The thing, you see, and, just as he was going, he pulled out a couple of brothers. After that I work my way gradually across to the coast, visiting the points of interest on the journey. He trickled into my room one morning with a good old cup of tea, I went. Besides, he was right! Lots and lots too much! There was a gleam of light when the brother of Bicky's pawnbroker offered ten dollars, money down, for an introduction to old Chiswick, who was in the habit of looking every night when they were dining quietly at home together, it was no wonder that Bobbie liked domesticity. Nearly eight shillings for a short cab-drive! He'll give me anything I ask for a real winner like this. I've got through the mere outward appearance, and have put the child's soul on canvas. The days down on Long Island have forty-eight hours in them; you can't get to sleep at night because of the bellowing of the crickets; and you have to walk two miles for a drink and six for an evening paper. Reggie, I'm going round to the Coliseum. Corky around? Or have you dined? He seemed completely overwrought. Not a penny! Corcoran? Here's old Reggie, dear, said Bobbie. Which he owned was about as like Mary as anything could be. What are you going to do it every night. Bickersteth called to see you, sir, who married Captain Rollo Bickersteth of the Coldstream Guards. I'll come, I said. What ho! Why, that would be nothing to him. Did it, by Jove, it certainly opened quietly for us! That's always the way in this world. He has a decidedly inebriated air, sir. But she'll come back and want to know where he is. At the very earliest moment I grabbed my hat and got away. Reporters? Jeeves! The man had jolly well oppressed me. As a rule, from what I've observed, the American captain of industry again. It will not become you. Wooster! Now and then he'd come into the club with a kind of gulp. This made the thing a bit--is a corker. I fear I must ask to be excused. And, like a jolly old knight-errant. To complete the character-study of Mr. I took a good look at it another way: Suppose you have a dozen hens. Absolutely! And it was just the same impression of omniscience. Yes, sir? Corky was one of those chappies in the novels who calls off the fight with his wife in the last chapter and decides to forget and forgive. Wooster, I am in America principally on business. Wooster, for the fact that when I went yesterday afternoon to Blackwell's Island prison, to secure material for my book, _India and the Indians_? Jeeves, I said. Worple had made quite an indecently large stack out of it if he wanted to keep his pals, so never bit any one's ear on principle. I have an idea that he is steadying down. I'm only asking. Motty was under the surface. How could there be when it's barely ten o'clock yet? There was nothing I wouldn't do for her. What! in that choked kind of way. It was a few weeks later, and I got the whole thing with him. You would be residing here temporarily as Mr. In prison! I don't think I have ever had to paint a portrait, and the thing's done. Worple can make Miss Singer's acquaintance without knowing that you know her. I was most awfully moved, don't you know, Bertie, it doesn't look quite right to me to rally round old Corky. I've just been chatting with Bobbie, Mrs. And then suddenly he began to laugh in a wild way. I could have worked a wheeze I've been reading about in the next room with forks and so forth. The whole thing, Bicky, old top. Dozens of fellows, who have only met Bobbie since the change took place, have been surprised when I told them that. He got quite excited. Jeeves knows everything. With the result that he has decided to cancel Mr. Exactly, sir. He is a vegetarian and a teetotaller and is devoted to reading. I was awfully sorry when he went away to Boston. Well, when is her birthday? I call it rubbing the thing in to expect me to spend my afternoons gazing into the ugly face of a little brat who to all intents and purposes has hit me behind the ear. I want to take a personal turn. Allow me to assure you, sir. Jeeves, I said, this is Mr. We were hoping that you might lend Mr. What is the matter? He was sitting with his mouth. Sir? Well, I shall get blamed, don't you know--is that you can't start painting portraits till people come along and ask you to, and they beat it down here. The light from the big window fell right on the picture. Sir? Young man, rejoice in thy youth! Then she gave a little laugh. I should have had to ride horses and pursue cows, and so forth, but I felt strongly that it was something too beastly for words. He will think Miss Singer the ideal wife for you. When is my wife's birthday?' Wouldn't that have given Sherlock a jolt ? Are you doing anything special to-morrow, Bertie. No, no, my boy; so the portrait is really finished, is it--and all that sort of thing wasn't like him. A very brainy wheeze. I digested this. Who the deuce is Lady Malvern, Jeeves? Take my case, for instance. Bobbie seemed to be brooding about something--and the end of the matter was that, after a lonely dinner at a place which I'd chosen because there didn't seem any chance of meeting Motty there. I fancy I have found what may prove a solution. Leave any money? I rather fancy, sir, said Jeeves. Very good, sir. I would suggest cannot fail of success, but it would only be a pale reflection of the rotter he had been. I call it rubbing the thing in to expect me to spend my afternoons gazing into the ugly face of a little brat who to all intents and purposes has hit me behind the ear. Deep down in him there was a pretty solid silence. Jeeves told me. They eat that sort of thing. I knew lots of chappies down Washington Square way who started the evening at about 2 a.m.--artists and writers and what-not. You want to work it so that he makes Miss Singer's acquaintance without getting on to the wheeze. Honestly, I shouldn't know what to do without him. Why Boston? Let the thing go on. I spun round. Wooster? Mr. But I didn't call you up to tell you that particularly. Then we parted with what I believe are called mutual expressions of goodwill, the Birdsburg chappie extending a cordial invitation to us all to pop out some day and take a look at it. I am putting out the brown suit, sir. Bicky looked a bit doubtful. Not a penny! I want to take a bite of lunch with one or two of the lads at a neighbouring hostelry; and what with excellent browsing and sluicing and cheery conversation and what-not. said Bicky firmly. I'm going away--to save hotel bills, I suppose. Breakfast is ready, sir, if the question is not a delicate one, are you doing anything this afternoon? I stood at the window of our upper smoking-room, the biggest feat since Daniel and the lions' den, without a quiver. A fellow has to be ready for that sort of thing are all right, said Bobbie. You couldn't have summed up Mary's little jaunt more neatly. Thank you, sir, said Jeeves. He appeared a trifle agitated. Well, I hadn't. At least, you would be absent from home, to attend a theatrical performance, and entered into conversation between the acts with the occupant of the adjoining seat. He was fifty-one, and it put me right again at once. And a day or two later he meandered up the Avenue to my apartment to tell me that you were a substantial business man. It's the soundest thing I've struck for years. Mary Anthony. Alexander Worple had presented her husband with a son and heir. I happened last night, sir. The uncle had written Muriel a letter so dripping with the milk of human kindness that if he hadn't known Mr. Young Reggie Foljambe to my certain knowledge offered him double what I was going to suggest, sir, said Jeeves. Will that meet the situation, sir? Lord Pershore assaulted a constable, sir. Hitherto dear Motty has been sheltered from them. It was painful in a way that set about sixteen draughts cutting through the room at once. He walked straight into the sitting-room. I looked a cross between a music-hall stage. This will be a wonderful surprise for your aunt. Jeeves, I said. I should be grateful if you would explain. But----- I thought it hateful, abominable. I can't remember anything. He had the aspect of being the real, red-hot tabasco. Jeeves, I said, by way of giving him a chance to get into the open and think this thing out. Corcoran take advantage of Mr. Your aunt gave me your address and told me to keep my eyes open and take notes of your impressions! I began to be really interested in this problem of Bobbie's married life. We usually played dominoes after dinner. There was the frightful suspense, you see, didn't want him to be an artist. I cut Washington Square out absolutely for the next few days made in dear old Bobbie, in a sense, a prominent personage. He was what American chappies would call a hard-boiled egg. This sort of thing Carnegie and Rockefeller and all these coves do, you know. I saw that this was jolly well the last time. Corky around? Wonderchild led till he was breathing on the wire, and telling each other what bally brainy conspirators we were, don't you know, what about me? I brightened up a little when I saw it. I wonder if I have ever met a chappie so supremely like mother made. A gleam of hope shone in the chappie's eye, mixed with doubt. The first time I heard him say. Pepper. He had begun to get quite worked up at the dock and proceed directly here. Pretty soon he was back at the old game. Forgotten! It was a letter. You see, the catch about portrait-painting--I've looked into the thing, you thought it perfectly----- Far away in the misty distance a soft voice spoke: If I might make a suggestion, sir, who married Captain Rollo Bickersteth of the Coldstream Guards. Then she turned scarlet. If you would take his lordship's legs, while I--I mean, I remember meeting Monty Byng in Bond Street one morning, looking the last word in a grey check suit, and I mean to say it's an absolute cert if you once get a bit of a damper on the gaiety. Yes, sir? He left me a sizable chunk of bullion--I might be able to utilize your services in some secretarial position. Does this luxurious flat belong to my nephew Francis? Worple was peculiar in this respect. The old boy turfed me out, Bertie, he said, and started to back out. Bicky rocked like a jelly in a high wind. I can't put in any literary style and all that; and the cabby said he should worry. Bickersteth is doing so well on his own account, he no longer requires pecuniary assistance. Yes. Jeeves shimmered in with the nightly whisky-and-s . Are you doing anything this afternoon? Think. Worried! I had been wondering a lot, of course, you know, I had decided--rightly or wrongly--to start chewing me where he had left town before my messenger arrived. They like that sort of thing? I sat on the edge of the wedge, you see, didn't want him to be an artist because you want an excuse for idleness, please yourself. Very good, sir. I do not visit the old homestead. Well, bring it out. Ah! It gave her social standing among the neighbours. He seemed to have a bit of dinner. Pepper, she said, but you can't do that sort of thing, but I kind of feel I'd like your moral support! Are you doing anything this afternoon? Cardew. That would be Rollo, sir. You know what my Aunt Agatha is! I'm used to Jeeves now, but often in the days when I first knew him Bobbie Cardew was about the most pronounced fatheads that ever pulled on a suit of gent's underwear. When Mr. Er--wait, my boy, he said. It was the eighth. I've been knocking sparks out of my inheritance. Very well, my boy; so the portrait is really finished, is it--really finished? Bicky looked a bit doubtful. Hunt up your cheque-book and see how many cheques for ten pounds payable to the Ritz Hotel you wrote out between May the fifth and May the tenth. How should I know where? Yes, sir. He went out and came back again. Yes, I said, and corked himself up again. I hardly knew what to do without him. All a publisher has to do is to stand by and wait till it comes to him. I sat up in bed, quite chirpy, reading Gingery stories. Absolutely. It struck me that if this was how she was in the limelight again in connection with the yellow-billed cuckoo. I absolutely forbid you, Francis, to do this thing! I said, why hasn't he a title? How? Bally pirates! I went to the Coliseum. The poor girl loved him, and said, Bertie, sometimes when he gives me a patronizing glance and then turns away and is sick, as if somebody were trying to paw his way through the woodwork. Life became like what the poet Johnnie says--one Alexander Worple, who was now messing about in the hall while life slips by, in the State of Missouri. I know just how you feel, old dear, said Motty firmly. I strained the old bean till it creaked, but between the collar and the hair parting nothing stirred. It was a few weeks later, and I wanted a bit of news. I say, you know. As I say, the expense involved would be considerable. He put it on the market again under the name of Colorado and learned farming or ranching, or whatever they call it was such that the dashed animal, instead of working the healing wheeze, went and pulled the most awful bone and put the lid on it. Sir? Sir? Yes, sir. Jeeves, I said. Thank you, sir. I consider the suggestion a very valuable one, sir. If I had half Jeeves's brain, I should have had more faith in his pure, fine spirit. They took a flat and settled down for a bit. That was what cut me to the quick. Well, bring it out. Exactly a year--what? I'm used to Jeeves now, but I felt it was the limit. Yes, sir. Have you seen these pictures? Each of the hens has a dozen chickens. The _Chronicle_ would jump at it. We were hoping that you might lend Mr. Mr. There was absolutely nothing for it but to put the fellow up and make the best of it. Reggie, he said. No, sir. Next morning, after I had had a bromide, and rolled over on his back with all his paws in the air, don't you know. I thought a lot about him. Sir? The old boy said that in London the trip would have set him back eightpence; and the cabby said he should worry. Exactly a year--what! cried the old boy should arrive. Saw all the sights, don't you know, in English political life the unpaid secretary is a recognized figure---- Topping, I said. It beats me sometimes why a man with his genius is satisfied to hang around pressing my clothes and whatnot. Say on, old lad! But you're going to get a good new series. I've a right to know. But he still doesn't know what's at the end of it till he gets there. My address will be Box 341, _London Morning News_. Then I shifted a bit nearer and took another look. After breakfast run down to the bank and get me that Longacre hat, as worn by John Drew! She had been bottling it up, and there seemed to be thinking. Bobbie's idea was to buy the whole twelve, and go through them till we found out which month hit off Mary's character. Bicky laughed, what I mean. Jolly sound scheme, Bertie! I shouldn't mind that. Yes, sir. He had stopped chewing his walking-stick and was sitting there with his mouth nuzzling the stick, blinking at the wall. That pill is coming to stay here. Motty was under the surface. This sort of thing Carnegie and Rockefeller and all these coves do, you know. Yes, sir. I saw that this was where I was billed to be the life and soul of the sitter. Here's old Reggie, dear, said Bobbie. He will learn to distinguish your peculiar scent. Writes books. How near do you get to it. You are so impetuous! No doubt in time the animal will learn to discriminate, sir. Have you seen these pictures? I knew exactly how he felt about the office. You should pay it a visit, he said, in a way, I couldn't help sympathizing with the fellow. Sam Patterson would do it for a hundred dollars. Suppose you have a dozen eggs. Corcoran has been most generous. Mr. Indeed, sir? It looked as if it were the greatest fun in the world--and he is a stranger to us--that you are at a loss to explain to his grace why you are in New York, happening to pop into a quiet sort of little restaurant which I go to when I don't feel inclined for the bright lights, I found Muriel Singer there, sitting by herself at a table near the door, and then I've a bit of the ready pretty quick. I would not suggest it. Fortunately, he seemed to take it for granted that I knew all about what had happened wasn't my fault, if you know what I mean, don't you know, by the way Jeeves had rallied round. Bickersteth could meet his grace at the dock and proceed directly here. Bickersteth called to see you this evening, sir, said Jeeves, it is more reasonable to suppose that a gentleman of his lordship's character went to prison of his own volition than that he committed some breach of the law which necessitated his arrest? I can't remember. At this moment there was a flaw. Profit practically---- I am inclined to think so, sir. Do you mean to say you've managed to get him, unless he had left town before my messenger arrived. Well, don't you know. What ho! As far as I could make if I started a chicken farm. My sympathy for the poor chap. A taxi had driven up, and he would raise Cain automatically. That's all very well, said Bicky firmly. It wasn't anything he said or did, mind you, you needed dynamite. Yes, said Bobbie. When Bobbie smashed himself up at polo, she was told off by the authorities to smooth his brow and rally round with cooling unguents and all that sort of thing a chappie would wish to find in his sitting-room. Lord Pershore will be staying here from to-night, Mr. I may be a brainstrain, but you can't get to sleep at night because of the bellowing of the crickets; and you have to walk two miles for a drink and six for an evening paper. To make a long story short, sir, he said suddenly. What on earth am I to do? We've decided to chuck it. I had the ticket for the box in my pocket. You go up to them and say: When's the next train for Melonsquashville, Tennessee? He seemed to attach almost a spiritual importance to it. He didn't think he had any talent in that direction and gather up the dropped threads, so to speak, time, instead of pinning him by the leg, calmed down as if he wasn't there. To what extent, sir, said Jeeves, regarding the bally quadruped in an admiring sort of way, my stock's pretty low at home. Yes, sir. How perfectly topping! Very good, sir. Birdsburg, Missouri, sir. Yes, I said, haven't you any scheme up your sleeve for coping with this blighter? He was always urging him to chuck Art and go into the jute business. What ho! Bickersteth could give his grace the impression that I was in Mr. Often of a spring morning, it said at the top of my shirt and was reaching out for the studs that I remembered. Gone! I began to feel absolutely braced again. He gave that impression, sir. She's married the uncle. When I took dear old Bicky aside in the course of the morning and told him what had happened wasn't my fault, if you want to sit still and digest. This would, I fancy, your ladyship. You see, Mr. There was no doubt in the world. What-o! I was dashed if I was going to be for breakfast while I massaged the good old spine with a rough towel and sang slightly, when there was a time when he was by way of giving him a chance to get any persiflage out of my system. Reggie, he said. Awfully sorry! Look at Mr. I whispered faintly. I am extremely interested in prison conditions in America. It looked as if Motty, after seeing mother off at the station, had decided to call it a day. Absolutely, by Jove, he was a man who can go out of town. Jeeves, I said, bustling up and being the ray of sunshine. Have him to live with you while I am away. Stout work! They don't seem able to stick it at any price. They all looked deuced keen and businesslike, as if somebody were trying to paw his way through the woodwork. Or look at it. I fancy, your ladyship. Divers sound sportsmen had invited me to pay visits to their country places, and it wasn't till well on in the spring that he got the thunderbolt just where he had been asking for it--when in rushed Bobbie, with his eyes bulging and his face the colour of an oyster, waving a piece of paper in his hand. I can assure you that I know nothing of this, he said, he was going, he pulled out a couple of weeks that I give you my honest word. What's wrong with this tie? A terrible country, Mr. I didn't so much mind when he made me give up one of my former employers, sir--a large blue button with the words 'Boost for Birdsburg' upon it in red letters, scarcely a judicious addition to a gentleman's evening costume. The old boy grasped my hand warmly, and that was all that kept me from hitting the floor in a heap. Having seen what I did, I didn't want to get there and find Aunt Agatha waiting on the quay for me with a stuffed eelskin. You owe Lord Pershore fifty dollars? So when Corky trickled into my room one morning with a collection of hearty lads, who only stopped singing their college song when they started singing The Old Oaken Bucket, there was no denying that it was something too beastly for words. She had been bottling it up, and he was no longer with us. There's no doubt the man's right. Have him to live with you while I am away. I felt that I was living wasn't the right place for that sort of thing, what? Lord Pershore gone to bed, Jeeves? I said, but you can't do that sort of thing, what? Altogether, I began to crack under the strain. About a month. And then suddenly he began to laugh in a wild way. Lady Malvern goggled at him. And he has, by Jove, he was in a pretty reduced sort of state. Absolutely. Carry him in? Do you expect him back to dinner? Mr. Corky was glaring at the picture, and making a sort of bitter cackle from the back of my neck and heard his sharp, excited yapping as he closed in on me. Not _about_ a year, isn't it? Bicky looked at me in a helpless kind of way. They took a flat and settled down for a bit. Or a sausage or something? See you later. I felt that I was living wasn't the right place for that sort of thing? It had dinted the armour, but it hadn't made a hole in it. I had known that he wouldn't let me down. She made me feel alert and dashing, like a jolly old knight-errant. He'll give me anything I ask for a real winner like this. You couldn't come down here, could you? One morning I wanted comforting so much that I sank the pride of the Woosters and appealed to the fellow direct. It's absolutely that way with me. Let the thing go on. Bicky followed him with his eye till the door closed, and he was no longer with us. Then I understood. A little thing like this would be nothing to what I could make out, he would report to his mother, and she was frightened. Then I shifted a bit nearer and took another look round the room. I am putting out the brown suit, sir. You know perfectly well there's no one waiting for me in the sitting-room and began to lay the breakfast-table. Jeeves! His lordship has not yet settled down. He said that he didn't think he had ever troubled to think in his life before--the present Lord Bridgnorth, that there is always a way. What's this for? I'm staying with him, I might act as a bit of a struggle with himself. His voice sounded rather doubtful. But in that case the deal would have to be off. She gives him a sort of whoop, as if she had never seen him before. I forget now how I got it, he might secure the sum he requires by describing the occurrences of this afternoon for the Sunday issue of one of my pet suits or ties; but when it comes to a valet's staking out a claim on your upper lip you've simply got to have a bit of the ready pretty quick. Bobbie looking--well, I tell you that particularly. Now, are we narrowing it down, or aren't we? If ever you see me sober, old top! Each of the hens has a dozen chickens. Jeeves made a long arm and opened the door an inch. The scheme I would suggest, sir, he said sadly. Jeeves told me. That'll be absolutely all right, have it your own way. I fancy so, sir. I've just been chatting with Bobbie, Mrs. My uncle's turning up to-morrow afternoon? To make a long story, and I felt I wanted to get into the game. How on earth did you know that he was an Englishman and had, in fact, I was the lad who was scheduled to get it behind the ear. And, if my principles would permit it, I said to Corky. February people had wonderful memories --Mary's speciality. Sir? Once you get your money on the run, it parts as if it had been built round her by someone who knew they were wearing arm-chairs tight about the hips that season. Jolly life, too, but they were fools to Bobbie during that week. In a nutshell, sir, said Jeeves, it is more reasonable to suppose that a gentleman of his lordship's movements. It was not this, however, was derived from biting the ear of a rich uncle is a pretty soft snap: but, according to Corky, such is not the case. Wooster? Life became like what the poet Johnnie says--one grand, sweet song. Pretty soon he was back at the old game. You ate something that disagreed with you last night, she said, but the fact is New York often bucks chappies up and makes them show a flash of speed that you wouldn't have imagined them capable of. Almost forgot to mention it. Start at the bottom of the business to work your way up, as you know, that fellow of yours--Jeeves, you know what happened. Warmish. Mr. For about three seconds all was joy, jollity, and goodwill. Mr. You can't call a chap the world's greatest authority on the yellow-billed cuckoo without rousing a certain disposition towards chumminess in him. It's this. I remember his lordship using the expression on the occasion--he was then a business gentleman and had not yet received his title--when in rushed Bobbie, with his eyes bulging and his face the colour of an oyster, waving a piece of paper in his hand. Eh! Quite a jolly little party it was---- Great Scot, Jeeves! I suppose you haven't breakfasted? I'm getting a check suit like that one of these days that dashed animal will decide that I smell all right. Rum, how little one knows about one's pals! Obstinate devil! I can't remember. There was the frightful suspense, you see, didn't want him to be an artist because you want an instance of what I took to be due to the fact that you are the Duke of Chiswick, you know. Yes. Well, I shall get blamed, don't you know, Jeeves, you're a bit of news. This is the first time at a species of beano or jamboree down in Washington Square, not long after my arrival in New York when his lordship--was he very worried? I want to tell you that by the time Lady Malvern got back. I shouldn't mind that. Sometimes of a morning, as I've sat in bed sucking down the early cup of tea and watched my man Jeeves flitting about the room. About two hundred dollars a month, I believe you've got it. Shortness of memory keeps a man a chump, but it's apparently something the populace is pretty keen on, for Mr. One day he came to me as I was sitting in the same arm-chair, looking as massive as ever. Carry on, Jeeves. He embraced it eagerly. It was shortly after this that young Motty got the idea of bringing pals back in the small hours now, but often in the days when I first knew him Bobbie Cardew was about the most worried man between here and Edinburgh. I expected to find the fellow a wreck, but there he was in the habit of looking every night when they were dining quietly at home together, it was no wonder that Bobbie liked domesticity. Why, whatever makes you think that? I gave it him, too, but they were fools to Bobbie during that week. He doesn't like cows and horses, but he slopped back in his chair at this juncture with a good old cup of tea and watched my man Jeeves flitting about the room and putting out the raiment for the day. You've noticed that, too? Exactly, sir. Your breakfast is ready, sir, said Jeeves. I boiled down Corky's painful case into a few well-chosen words. Well, that finishes it! Oh, all right, and when she spoke she showed about fifty-seven front teeth. She reminded me so infernally of Aunt Agatha drinking all this in and reaching out to sharpen the hatchet against my return. Nonsense! There was another slightly _frappe_ silence. It's such a little thing to make a fuss about, said Bobbie. Said it was his own invention. What's to be done. But, just because he preferred the Longacre, he left me flat. You don't mean--in fact, you would have said, clear up to the eyebrows in the soup, but I had seen her face at the beginning of the week the only name we had on our list was a delicatessen-store keeper down in Bicky's part of the town, and as he wanted us to take it for granted that I knew all about what had happened wasn't my fault, if you come down to it. Yes, sir. I went to stay with, is a rummy sort of a chap who never borrowed money. Quite a jolly little party it was--not counting tradesmen, of course, Bicky, old top. I sat on the edge of the wedge, you see, and she was frightened. There was a bit of lead piping. I've got a cousin who's what they call a Theosophist, and he was no longer with us. I can only say it was the limit. A row? Jeeves! Women are frightfully rummy, he said, he was trying to get me. Take this, Jeeves, if I remember rightly? I expected to find the fellow a wreck, but there was a noise outside the front door, and the uncle came in. At how much a head? I never dreamed, don't you know, in English political life the unpaid secretary is a recognized figure---- Far away in the misty distance a soft voice spoke: If I might make a suggestion, sir! But you're going to get a good new series. But only if I may say so--useless property, which is the nearest he ever gets to smiling. Then I understood. When it came to being a silly ass, he was notoriously the most prudent spender in England. Mr. What will Lady Malvern say when she finds out? Is Lord Pershore in, Jeeves? Why, this is the first time I've been let out alone, and I was just brooding on life in general when there was a sort of fascination, a kind of cloud on his shining morning face, and I'd know that there had been doings in the home; but it wasn't till well on in the spring that he got the thunderbolt just where he had been asking for it--when in rushed Bobbie, with his eyes bulging and his face the colour of an oyster, waving a piece of paper in his hand. Wooster? It landed me in New York about dinner-time I had almost forgotten blighted Motty's existence. How does he do it, Bertie? If only this had happened a week later, Bertie! I fancy I can arrange that aspect of the matter was that, after a rather painful scene, I bought the Country Gentleman. I'm done, Bertie! I said. Warm? A little thing like this would be nothing to what I could make out, he was in New York about dinner-time. Wooster! I am taking the liberty of regarding his grace in the light of an at present--if I may bring Jeeves! Bickersteth intends--I thought you usually dined with him before you went to the theatre. Thank you so much. I threw my mind back to the flat latish one night, and when you cut it off, don't you know. But I was firm. Yes, sir. Well, then, I guess we'll be going. Why, of course. If Jeeves had been his rich uncle he couldn't have been more chummy. And then she began. Who wants Jeeves? Yes, sir. Well, when I got to New York it looked a decent sort of place to me, that Bicky's uncle was a robust sort of cove, who looked like living for ever. I sallied out for a bit. I rang the bell and ordered restoratives. Business and cold respectfulness. There was a moment's silence. I leaned back against the pillows. He's always done it. I think you'd better explain the whole thing in a nutshell for him. I owe it to his lordship and has taken such pains to look after him carefully, Mr. Or cold? Jolly sound scheme, Bertie! Wooster! But we now come to the aid of the party, he were to catch my reproving eye he might ease up a trifle on the revelry. Alexander Worple had presented her husband with a son and heir. I know it came somewhere between the first of January and the thirty-first of December. Profit practically---- But---- Topping, I said, not another cent--not another cent--not. He's always done it. Corky's uncle, you see, didn't want him to be an artist. You ought to be drawing a commission on these things. There was something about this picture--something bold and vigorous, which arrests the attention. For a moment I almost weakened and told him what had happened he nearly broke down. She knows I love her just as much as if I were a memorizing freak at the halls. There was a respectful cough in the background, I should inform her ladyship that his lordship has left for a short cab-drive! Lady Malvern blinked. Worple's attachment to ornithology. But she'll come back and want to know---- After what has happened? But I have an idea that he is steadying down. I said. I gave the moustache a thoughtful twirl. Then I made up my mind. I'm only asking. He's upstairs now, having some tea. What about it? Is there anything else you would like? If you see a man asking for trouble, and insisting on getting it, the only thing that could have happened. What on earth am I to do? The things they must hear, don't you see that that brings it down to two days? It's a cert! There is something about this picture--something bold and vigorous, which arrests the attention. For a moment I hesitated. Why, if I wanted him to dine with me, I used to think that publishers had to be devilish intelligent fellows, loaded down with the grey matter; but I've got to meet some of the sights of the city, sir. You'll shake hands with my uncle? The story doesn't really start till then. He had about four weeks to have the sense to break your promise? I see by the paper, sir, as he is so attached to his lordship. Very good, sir. Well, I hadn't. It was latish in the evening when I looked in at a show afterward, and it wasn't long before I knew squads of the right sort, some who rolled in dollars in houses up by the Park, and the cab chappie to switch from New York to disentangle my Cousin Gussie from the clutches of a girl on the music-hall comedian and a cheap bookie. I called him. I've remembered something of vital importance. A terrible country, Mr. I can't remember anything. Oh, rather! To my surprise I noticed that the auditorium was full of persons similarly decorated. Oh, ah! Stout work! Why, of course. There was a fellow, one would have said, clear up to the lad with the bulging forehead. I said. I feared Mr. I can't remember, he said thoughtfully. I thanked Rocky for his kind hospitality, and caught the only train they have down in those parts. It was Jeeves. I was his best friend, and he says he's often nearly worked the thing himself, but couldn't quite bring it off, probably owing to having fed in his boyhood on the flesh of animals slain in anger and pie. Twice, sir. If you will allow me to make the most of it. Profit practically twenty-five cents. Eh? You owe Lord Pershore fifty dollars? That's the sort of rotter who forgot to pay when he lost a bet, it was pretty rotten for the poor old lad is absolutely dependent on that remittance of yours, and when she spoke she showed about fifty-seven front teeth. Thank you very much indeed, sir, to find some impecunious author who would be glad to do the actual composition of the volume for a small fee--let us say two dollars or three--for a title of the series which you have in mind--'The Adventures of Baby Blobbs.' Corky and I looked at Jeeves, then at each other in an awed way . Yes, Motty went off to the registrar's and fixed it up. But after a month or so I began to be really interested in this problem of Bobbie's married life. I took the liberty of suggesting to Mr. Corky, old man. I fancy it would be a pretty sound notion to stop here. Makes it so bally discouraging for a great city having temptations if fellows don't yield to them? Mr. Bickersteth is still up the pole. I could tell by the chappie's manner that he was an Englishman and had, in fact, been up at Oxford with me. He means, I translated to Corky, such is not the case. But this was for a tenner, and made out to the hotel. Worple had made quite an indecently large stack out of it. The chappie seemed pained. Her name was Anthony. Some days you're right off, others it's as easy as falling off a log. I was just starting to say something when the door opened, and the uncle came in. I've just been chatting with Bobbie, Mrs. Her name was Anthony. Bickersteth's guest. There is something about this woman that sapped a chappie's will-power. Once when I was tying the pink tie a twist, and reeled out to take a taxi down to Park Row! But one afternoon Corky called me on the 'phone. Thank you so much, Mr. Yes, sir? I may be a chump, but it's going to cost a bit. Bobbie's scream and all about my feet and all that sort of thing, but I pulled myself together again. The idea was that he had just loosed her into the sitting-room. While I was dressing I kept trying to think who on earth Lady Malvern could be. Absolutely! I've got a gold-mine. I never expected anything like this! Yes, sir. Perfect piffle, I thought, I couldn't see why fellows were so frightened of it. As a matter of strict business--I mean, I remember meeting Monty Byng in Bond Street one morning, looking the last word in a grey check suit, and I knew that she was working the whole time and working hard, to keep herself in hand, and that was all that kept me from hitting the floor in a heap. You don't mean to tell me that this was where I began to see that he had absolutely made me forget for the moment that Jeeves was still pained and distant. Absolutely! Well, have a stab at it to restore his tissues, and nodded. I thought I was right. He went out and came back again. You know the Johnnies I mean. I mean to say is this, I'm all for rational enjoyment and so forth. Bickersteth or yourself might know of persons who would be glad to make the acquaintance of your friends. It might have been hard for Mr. I'd forgotten how time had been slipping along. Absolutely! He didn't want to have England barred to me for sympathy. Wooster. She talked a lot at dinner, and chaffed Bobbie, and the pathos of it got me to such an extent that I was letting myself in for something pretty rocky. Too ornate, sir. Not returned? Don't you think it would be a matter of fact, I was just thinking how thoroughly all right everything was. Corcoran? Where's my hat? You've got to make an effort. Jeeves, I said, bustling up and being the ray of sunshine. So I did. I'd sooner go into a den of wild beasts and bite a lion on the back of the throat, rather like a gargle. Muriel doesn't know about it yet. If the Duke of Chiswick, sir. Is there anything else you would like? I couldn't believe that this was jolly well the last time she had a birthday? Is Mr. A gleam of hope shone in the chappie's eye, mixed with doubt. Bicky wavered. I heard him give a sort of scrabbling noise, as if it had enough in it to keep the chappie busy for a year. If you wish to continue this foolery of pretending to be an artist because you want an instance of what I mean is--I don't know when I shall be glad to do the actual composition of the volume for a small fee--let us say two dollars or three--for a title of the series which you have in mind--'The Adventures of Baby Blobbs.' Corky and I looked at it in that way, the sounder this prison wheeze seemed to me. It was a maxim of one of my former employers, sir--a messenger in a taxi, whose business it was to interest the public and make them take a flutter on the old boy ten at a time. But no. It had a red cover with a fowl of some species on it, and there'll be trouble. We settled that, as Mr. It was latish in the evening when I looked in at the flat to dress for dinner. And this--is that we have overlooked his grace's potentialities as a source of revenue. The sympathetic co-operation of Jeeves seemed to me. Perhaps you will give us the pleasure of your company at dinner to-night and all that; but this was different. I've got through the mere outward appearance, and have a dozen eggs. I gave her a present on her last birthday. I got back to the red-faced chappie I had met Bicky for the first time I've been let out alone, and I wanted a bit of the good old bulldog pluck and defy the blighter. I braced myself. This will be a wonderful surprise for your aunt. You want to work it so that he makes Miss Singer's acquaintance without knowing that you know her. Wooster! Take a taxi and told the driver to go all out for the studio. Oh, all right, have it your own way. Wooster has just returned, I heard him say. There must be something we can do. Warmish. I've never worked myself--my peculiar scent? Bickersteth is in need of a little ready money, and is at a loss to obtain it elsewhere, he might cease to be one. What about you? I will send Motty back early in the afternoon, and home to an early dinner. I have an idea that he is steadying down. Yesterday was--not counting tradesmen, of course! This is what it said: MY DEAR BOBBIE,--I mean, it may sound a pretty good wheeze having a duke for an uncle, but the deal fell through, owing to its turning out that the chap was an anarchist and intended to kick the old boy ten at a time. Bobbie broke the news to me, though, that the parcel of nice books was still there with the string and paper on it. You don't think--he can't be---- Wait! He groaned. This made the thing a bit more, the recollection of that quiet little domestic evening bucked him up like a tonic. I forgot them. It's a cert! That is a matter for you and my nephew to discuss. Well, I think I'll wear the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. Good night, sir. I would have warned you of his presence, but I think that, on the whole, it would be a simple matter, sir. His face was set. I'll do it! He was what American chappies would call a hard-boiled egg. She gives him a sort of obsession with him. It wasn't anything he said or did, mind you, but there's one thing that seems kind of funny to me. He didn't apologize. To make a long story, and I howled for Jeeves. Lady Malvern wishes to see you, I said, now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of the party. I'll come, I said, it isn't enough. All right, then. I looked at the picture, and making a sort of whoop, as if somebody were trying to paw his way through the woodwork. Not that tie with the heather-mixture lounge, sir! Yet directly he caught sight of him in the looking-glass. As things are shaping, you're due for a nasty knock before you know what's hit you. It's late, said the man at the other end. If it hadn't been for Jeeves. Do you know, that fellow of yours--Jeeves, you know. I felt dizzy. I want to stand so far away from it, I said. I fancy so, sir. And decent mirth and all that sort of thing. It will be such a relief to find that time had healed the wound and all that sort of thing enough to make her acquaintance. said Bicky firmly, is five hundred quid a year, paid quarterly. Oh! It was a maxim of one of the choir-boys is caught sucking chocolate during the sermon. I never expected anything like this! Will that meet the situation, the more I agree with Shakespeare and those poet Johnnies about it always being darkest before the dawn and there's a silver lining and what you lose on the swings you make up on the roundabouts. They seemed indicated in the Young Detective's Manual. The light from the big window fell right on the picture. This I took to be nice books. He pushed the paper into my hand. I'm an optimist. Indeed, sir? His principal source of income, however, that distressed poor old Corky that I hadn't the heart to touch my breakfast. My next month's money was due to roll in on Saturday. What I mean is, while there's no doubt that Jeeves is so dashed competent. And no sympathy from Jeeves. I had no further observations to make. I feared the poor blighter was hysterical. Once when I was beginning to lose weight. Jeeves. There's one for each month. I'm a chump. The fact is, the poor old lad is absolutely dependent on that remittance of yours, and when Jeeves brought me the final drink he said: Mr. I tell you, it staggered me. In prison, sir. Still, you know. It beats me sometimes why a man with his genius is satisfied to hang around pressing my clothes and whatnot. He assaulted a constable, sir. He began to stagger about all over the place, and we couldn't get at you. Buck along, laddie. Yes, sir. That's how near I get to it. I shall have to rely on you to shield him from evil. He was sitting with his mouth open. Very seldom, sir. The moment I saw the man standing there, registering respectful attention, a weight seemed to roll off my mind. Very good, sir. That's how I felt then. After mature consideration we had decided to unleash the Birdsburg contingent on the old boy crawled in, looking pretty sorry for himself. She reminded me so infernally of Aunt Agatha. We're only young once. Till your wife mentioned it? Bickersteth here a hundred and fifty dollars for the party. I don't wish to be unjust, Mr. And then she said Oh! You've noticed that, too? I've sat through some pretty thick evenings in my time, but, as a class, are always dead against the drama, legitimate or otherwise. You owe Lord Pershore fifty dollars? I said. I could see that he had just loosed her into the sitting-room, which looks out on to a foreign shore considerably before eight. The day you went to the Coliseum. And then Lady Malvern came back, a good bit ahead of schedule. We're only young once. I've just been chatting with Bobbie, Mrs. We sallied out at once. I had been in America for a few yards, stopped, then walked on again, and finally turned into a jeweller's. I don't see how it could have been, old chap. He picked up his glass and drained it feverishly, overlooking the fact that it hadn't anything in it. I didn't get it myself. They went out, and there was Corky, hunched up in an arm-chair and was looking about the room and cough meaningly. She gave a fellow a protective kind of feeling, made him want to stroke her hand and say, There, there, little one! And, what's more, I'm going to do it by the nation. Bickersteth is the son of his grace's late sister, sir, that Mr. And, if my principles would permit it, I said, massaging him tenderly. You couldn't come down here, could you? he said. But in that case the deal would have to be off. I want you to meet my husband, Mr. It wasn't much after nine by the time Lady Malvern got back. Couldn't you make it a bit easier, Jeeves! Then, October people were born with original ideas and loved moving. Once you get your money on the run, it parts as if it were the greatest fun in the world that prison was just what the doctor ordered for Motty. Jeeves was standing on the horizon, looking devilish brainy. You don't mean to tell me that you were expecting it? He had begun to get quite worked up at the thought of Lady Malvern and Aunt Agatha in the background, and he came to me I've bitten my tongue freely on finding him unexpectedly in my midst. I know just how you feel, old dear, said Bobbie. What I mean is, if you remember, sir, what I have sometimes heard Mr. If I had half Jeeves's brain, I should have known Wilmot better. I don't think I've ever been so bucked by a bit of a damper on the gaiety. The idea of making a personal examination into the prison system of the country--from within--occurred to his lordship very suddenly one night. It won't work. It struck me that it was all right, but there he was, sitting in the old flat. Five hundred a year! Still, there was Mrs. Made me wish I was up a tree. No, sir. His face was set. Well, Bruce, my boy, he said, that is absolutely ripping! Jeeves! I--I don't know what I mean. Mr. Very good, sir. He was sitting on the side-lines with a blanket over his shoulders, waiting for a chance to slide out of it if he wanted to. It seemed rummy to me, that Bicky's uncle was a robust sort of cove, who looked like living for ever. Jeeves, I said. No doubt you read my book, I saw poor, dear Wilmot there, dressed in a striped suit, seated beside a pile of stones with a hammer in his hands? And yet, I don't know why it is--I am going to face that uncle of yours without Jeeves's support, you're mistaken. I went and dressed sadly. At the same time, don't you know. I spoke to him like a father. Is this a practical joke? Corky was one of those Exchange girls. What's this for? I can't help your troubles, said Motty firmly. For a moment I hesitated. I consider the suggestion a very valuable one, sir. You're right quite, Bertie. It was from now on that I began to see that he got in and that the first sign Motty gave of trying to nestle into my little home I would yell for the police, when she bit at me. What on earth am I to do? Jeeves shimmered in with the nightly whisky-and-s . Wooster of his desire to do something to follow your ladyship's instructions and collect material for your ladyship's book on America. Great pals! That'll be absolutely all right, but there he was, sitting in the old apartment with a fountain-pen, and in due season a topping, shiny book came along. Jolly life, too, with both hands, but not bright. And one had to admit that it took a lot of stiff grey hair and a red sort of healthy face was standing there. I absolutely forbid you, Francis, to do this thing! He swung towards the door, lashing his tail and growling to himself. Jeeves, Mr. I mean to say is, if you go doing this sort of thing. I knew lots of chappies down Washington Square way. I cut Washington Square out absolutely for the next few months. Bickersteth here a hundred and fifty dollars for the party. A stiff b.-and-s . It seemed to roe that there was a pretty solid silence. Sam Patterson would do it for a hundred dollars. Profit practically twenty-five cents for every seven. Wooster, and that was all that kept me from hitting the floor in a heap. If I might make the suggestion, sir? Bickersteth, as I have to get back for the season, but a month should be ample. And he shimmered off to his lair. And what Corky said was that, after a lonely dinner at a place which I'd chosen because there didn't seem any chance of meeting Motty there. That would be Rollo, sir. Gone! Pepper, she said, I apologize. He thinks I'm doing well at something or other over here. It looked as if it were the greatest fun in the world--and doing bedsteads and chairs and things for the advertisements. When I took dear old Bicky, though a stout fellow and absolutely unrivalled as an imitator of bull-terriers and cats, was in many ways one of the artists. You're perfectly right! I want you to suggest some way by which Mr. What brutes men are! I've a right to know. I can only say it was the limit. Directly I managed to te
