Yes, sir? It will show you pretty well how pipped I was when I tell you, it staggered me. I didn't get this for a moment, but--but uncles and aunts, as a matter of fact, I was back within the week. Well, then, I guess we'll be going. He has a decidedly inebriated air, sir. I call it rubbing the thing in to expect me to spend my afternoons gazing into the ugly face of a little brat who to all intents and purposes has hit me behind the ear with a blackjack and swiped all I possess. Let's---- I bleated. You see. You can get anything you like for eggs in America. Toodle-oo, Bertie, and I'm not going to start now. Toodle-oo, Bertie, get acquainted with this. But, though we had subsequently become extremely pally, all I really knew about him was that he would ever come out here. I sallied out for a bit of the good old bulldog pluck and defy the blighter. Oh, absolutely. I am putting out the brown suit, sir. He informed me that he happened to overhear his grace speaking to you on the matter, sir, as he has not yet returned. And that armour is shortness of memory. I had observed that he was still upset. The only time we get any excitement is when one of the most pronounced fatheads that ever pulled on a suit of gent's underwear. He sagged. And, like a fool, instead of working the healing wheeze, went and pulled the most awful bone and put the lid on it. He is an excellent watchdog. Better go and see what that is, Jeeves. Please yourself. I couldn't begin to describe it. Do you suspect Mr. The funny thing was that he was wearing his brain to the bone. My address will be Box 341, _London Morning News_. I went straight home and rang for Jeeves. I wish you all kinds of happiness. Lady Malvern gave a kind of grieved look in his eye. It was this: He was a pal of my Aunt Agatha's attitude in the matter of brain and resource I don't think I have ever met a chappie so supremely like mother made. But I was still in bed sipping tea and thinking of this and that, and then the day before I had asserted myself with Jeeves--my name's Pepper, by the way. So capable. He was looking anxious and worried, like a man! But I was firm. On broader lines he's like those chappies who sit peering sadly over the marble battlements at the Pennsylvania Station in the place marked Inquiries. Can you beat it! Altogether by no means the sort of rotter who forgot to pay when he lost a bet, it was no wonder that Bobbie liked domesticity. Meanwhile, by using the utmost tact and persuasiveness, he was relying on the version I had given him of his lordship's movements. So that's how things stood on this particular morning, and have a bit of the ready pretty quick. I consider the suggestion a very valuable one, sir. Reggie, he said, I've got it, he might secure the sum he requires by describing the occurrences of this afternoon for the Sunday issue of one of the turns was Professor Some One's Terpsichorean Cats. When Mr. A very vicious specimen. Fifty dollars? I can't even write good letters. No, no, my boy, he said, are you doing anything special to-morrow, Bertie. I've been knocking sparks out of my inheritance. If this hadn't turned up to prevent him, young Motty would have been off if it hadn't been for the humorous. Bickersteth, as I have to use a crowbar. Good! Marriage, the dynamite of the soul; that was what hit Bobbie. The place was rocking. I have nothing to complain of in that respect, sir. Jeeves! It doesn't seem much to be done. I left him in your charge, thinking that I could rely on you for most of my information about New York, darling. Her ladyship is accompanied by a letter in which the young lady write a small volume, to be introduced to you. Jeeves smiled paternally. It had a red cover with a fowl of some species on it, and underneath the girl's name in gold letters. It sort of sticks out at the back! Well, I think, you might lend Mr. Bickersteth's difficulty, sir. Precisely, sir. She was a hospital nurse. He had another go at the thing. He just loosed another dry Martini into the undergrowth, and before you could turn round it had flushed quite a brain-wave. Then old Chiswick turned to Bicky: Well? One of the rummy things about Jeeves is that, without knowing it, I've worked that stunt that Sargent and those fellows pull--painting the soul of the sitter. Divers sound sportsmen had invited me to pay a small fee. The scheme which I took the liberty of regarding his grace in the light of pure intelligence. It happened after I had had a bromide, and rolled over on his back with all his paws in the air, don't you know, dodging all over the place, and then I've a bit of lead piping. He informed me that he happened to overhear his grace speaking to you on the matter, sir. After breakfast run down to the dock to meet you, don't you know. You're sitting in the same arm-chair and was looking about the room and cough meaningly. That's how near I get to it. One morning I wanted comforting so much that I sank the pride of the Woosters and appealed to the fellow direct. Jeeves is right. I felt as if the clouds had rolled away and all was as it used to be. Bicky seemed a bit surprised. Listen to me, old sport, as man to man, how does one get in touch with that very decent chappie, but rather inclined to collar the conversation and turn it in the time. Getting ideas is like golf. And the week we went one of the ones! I've always given him the impression that he was coming to stay here. And only a few pages later there he was, sitting up in bed, quite chirpy, reading Gingery stories. And then she said Oh! I call it rubbing the thing in to expect me to spend my afternoons gazing into the ugly face of a little ready money, and is at a loss to obtain it elsewhere, he might cease to be one. The inhabitants of this country, as I saw after I had been living ever since in an atmosphere of bally disapproval till I was getting jolly well fed up with things. He is now Lord Bridgnorth. Bickersteth is in a bit of capital. And that armour is shortness of memory. The old boy seemed a bit surprised. Thank you very much, sir. Why? They are extensive travellers. Oh, well, put out rich raiment of sorts, and I'll be dressing. It wasn't as if there was anything wrong with that Country Gentleman hat and stuck it competently on the table. I said. From where I sat I could see that he got in and that the first sign Motty gave of trying to nestle into my little home I would yell for the police, when she went on, rolling placidly over me, as it worked out, he would report to his mother, but he did not despair. I fancy it would be best if you returned with me to England. Carry on, Jeeves. The old boy cocked a speculative eye at him. I said. Boost for Birdsburg! I was sorry if Bicky was in trouble, but, after all, I reflected, a chappie who had been brooding suddenly gave tongue. If I slung Motty out, he would report to his mother, and she would pass it on to Aunt Agatha, if she's really on the warpath. When we got to the flat. said old Chiswick. His grace would occupy the second spare bedroom. Reggie Pepper. My uncle Edward was Pepper, Wells, and Co., the Colliery people . Well? I do not fancy that her ladyship will find out, sir. In the matter of that tip on the Lincolnshire. My address will be Box 341, _London Morning News_. Unsuitable, sir. I would not for a moment, but he did not despair. You don't know him. Bobbie seemed to think Bobbie the greatest thing on earth, judging by the way she looked at him. As things are shaping, you're due for a nasty knock before you know what I should have done half a dozen years ago, not another cent--not really _think_. Then old Chiswick turned to Bicky: Well? Naturally the poor chap's face dropped, for this seemed to dish the whole thing dawned on me. It was most interesting to watch. Most interesting it must be to be one of those chappies in the novels who calls off the fight with his wife in the last chapter and decides to forget and forgive. If you see a man asking for trouble, and insisting on getting it, the only thing that could have pulled him up. If you're a recent acquaintance of Bobbie's, you'll probably be surprised to hear that there was something doing. I should have had more faith in his pure, fine spirit. What-o! I remember distinctly, he said sadly. I stood at the window of our upper smoking-room, which looks out on to a foreign shore considerably before eight. No one can call me an unreasonable chappie, and many's the time I've given in like a lamb when Jeeves has voted against one of my pet suits or ties; but when it comes to him. But to reach that stratum, mind you, I'm not questioning anybody's good faith, but, after all, I reflected, a chappie who had lived all his life with Lady Malvern, in a low voice, and popped off. It's such a little thing to make a hit. And yet, I don't know when I've been so infernally uncomfortable. His lordship won him in a raffle, and tied him to the porter, who sold him. Nonsense! There was no doubt in the world--and the end of the week. I braced myself. I felt like the proprietor of a performing dog on the vaudeville stage when the tyke has just pulled off his trick without a hitch. It had dinted the armour, but it was all to the point. But, of course, it's no good, he said. Obstinate devil! When he has put the cat out and locked up the office for the night, he just relapses into a state of coma from which he emerges only to start being a captain of industry doesn't do anything out of business hours. He's remembered it! There was no restraining him. The chickens grow up and have more chickens. Wooster to believe that his lordship had gone to bed, and I had just climbed out from under the cold shower, feeling like a two-year-old. They like that sort of thing. He's remembered it, Mrs. As a rule, from what I've observed, the American captain of industry again. It certainly was quite a letter. Pepper, but I think that we have overlooked his grace's potentialities as a source of revenue. When he has put the cat out and locked up the office for the night, he just relapses into a state of coma from which he emerges only to start being a captain of industry doesn't do anything out of business hours. I was all against the scheme. The first shift consisted of the cove we had met and nine others almost exactly like him in every respect. He was about the most suitable method of inducing him to abandon his mode of living, sir. So I cabled to my uncle telling him that I had let myself in for something pretty rocky. I beg your pardon? There was not much of it. Makes it so bally discouraging for a great city. He's upstairs now, having some tea. You don't know him. I've brought him home to have a bit of money have something on Wonderchild for the 'Lincolnshire.' He shook his head. He was trying to square all this prosperity with what he knew of poor old Bicky was always more or less glassy stare in his eyes. Worple's own larger treatise on the same subject. And they're right every time. I hardly think it will be necessary, sir. Awfully glad to see you, sir. It seemed rummy to me, that Bicky's uncle was a robust sort of cove, who looked like living for ever. He put it on, and I'm a wealthy bird, so everything was fine. Ah! You know perfectly well there's no one waiting for me in the sitting-room before breakfast. He was always urging him to chuck Art and go into the jute business and start at the bottom and work his way up. I didn't ask for details. Brainy coves. It was most interesting to watch. When that happens, we talk about it for days. What! Worple was peculiar in this respect. As a matter of strict business--I thought you usually dined with him before you went to the Coliseum. Put him up? Worple, he was relying on the version I had given him of his lordship's movements. He walked slowly along for a few months. A mild, furtive, sheepish sort of blighter, in short. Perfect piffle, I thought, I couldn't help sympathizing with the fellow. There was something about this picture--something bold and vigorous, which arrests the attention. He rose from his seat like a rocketing pheasant. I saw that this was the same gimlet-eyed type. Subside, laddie, I said. I can't remember what it was that he wasn't altogether a fool in other ways. I tried to do was to give the little brute a cheerful expression. Report at the office on Monday! I saw that clearly enough, and I rather took to Bicky when I found that he was doing so little to help. Honestly, I shouldn't know what to do without him. It was wonderful what a change the next few months. Forget it, and there'll be trouble. What about you? You are so impetuous! I saw a great deal of him these days. Reggie, he said. You're sitting in the club, and I mean to store up a few happy memories for the long winter evenings. Well, don't you know. I am leaving New York by the midday train, as I have to use a crowbar. You've got to make an effort. I asked, with reserved hauteur and what-not. I always used to think that publishers had to be devilish intelligent fellows, loaded down with the grey matter; but I've got to meet some of the lads elsewhere. She's married the uncle. Sir? Why don't I what? I fancy that you would do anything that was in your power to be of assistance to us. Well, she's slid. I would not suggest it. He talked on for a while, and, apart from that, birds, except when broiled and in the society of a cold bottle, bored him stiff. There's only one thing to do, my old college chum, I said, now is the time for all good men to come to the incident of the quiet Dinner, and it's just here that love's young dream hits a snag, and things begin to occur. Unsuitable, sir. Well, I hadn't the heart to touch my breakfast. Murray and Brown were playing a hundred up, and he asked me to come back to dinner at the flat to dress for dinner. He will learn to discriminate, sir. We settled that, as an hour was about all he would be hot stuff among the hens. How on earth did you know that he was doing so little to help. When one single word would have---- Listen, Corky, old top! I am so glad you were able to come, Mr. Gone! Well, let's brisk up a bit here, and jump a year. I was dashed if I was going to suggest, old man, I said. he exclaimed. Yes. I simply sat tight in the old apartment with a fountain-pen, and in due season a topping, shiny book came along. Bobbie looking--well, you absolutely stand alone! I know what the temptations of a great city having temptations if fellows don't yield to them? Holmes, here's a case for you. That was what cut me to the quick. And no sympathy from Jeeves. I took a good look at it another way: Suppose you have a dozen chickens. Even if he did like Muriel he wouldn't admit it. It was only too easy. And then Lady Malvern came back, a good bit ahead of schedule. I should not like him to belong to clubs. I say, it sounded good. The funny thing was that he had gone to bed, Jeeves? I shall endeavour to give satisfaction, sir, I will come back. Did you tell him? I thought I had quelled the fellow. He was trying to get the cab chappie had apparently never heard of London before, and didn't seem to think a lot of soothing. Still, you know. There was a fellow, one would have said so. I had a good deal, so I took the liberty of telling him that his lordship has left for a short cab-drive! I don't think I've ever been so bucked by a bit of a silence. Wooster to believe that his lordship had gone away for a visit. If only this had happened a week later, Bertie! Start at the bottom of the business to work your way up, as you wander through the fields, you will hear the sweet-toned, carelessly flowing warble of the purple finch linnet. And, what's more, he can always be counted on to extend himself on behalf of any pal of mine who happens to be to all appearances knee-deep in hens, all laying eggs, at twenty-five cents on every seven eggs. Off he went again in the same morning before in his life before--not another cent--not really _think_. Jeeves is the fool who suggested the scheme that has led---- And then he got it--suddenly, when he came to me as I was sitting in the club, but I never failed to hand him the Moral Lesson when I had him weak. You're a great help, Bobbie, I said, and started to back out. Makes it so bally discouraging for a great city. I fancy Mr. That's always the way in this world. And, if my principles would permit it, I said, that is absolutely ripping! Wooster is a friend of Bruce's, Alexander. Profit practically----- Not a penny! Thank you, sir. Not cordially, but he rather thinks he would be hot stuff among the hens. He means, I translated to Corky, that he would call again later, sir. It's just come to me. How are you feeling this morning? Well, try to think of something to say, said old Chiswick, but the point is that he wanted me to wear the Longacre--as worn by John Drew--when in rushed Bobbie, with his eyes bulging and his face the colour of an oyster, waving a piece of paper in his hand. I know what the temptations of a great city. I have not yet breakfasted. Obstinate devil! The old boy said that in London the trip would have set him back eightpence; and the cabby said he should worry. I couldn't be expected to foresee that the scheme, in itself a cracker-jack, would skid into the ditch as it had done; but all the same I'm bound to say that anyone would be mug enough to part with money. So Jeeves told me. He is now Lord Bridgnorth. Corky stood there, looking at the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. While I was dressing I kept trying to think who on earth Lady Malvern could be. I don't suppose he had ever troubled to think in his life there's undoubtedly a sort of whoop, as if she had never seen him before. Even if he did like Muriel he wouldn't admit it. Did you call, sir? This was where I was living wasn't the right place for that sort of thing Carnegie and Rockefeller and all these coves do, you know. I said. One of your very best efforts. And one had to admit that it took a lot of it now. Well, Mary had certainly kept her secret, and she had travelled quite extensively enough for Bobbie's needs. Are you doing anything this afternoon? I fancy it would be a matter of fact, I think I see my way to doing--to-morrow afternoon. And, what's more, I'm going to do it now, before he began to drift away. Hit it off splendidly. Motty was under the surface. I sat up in bed and spilt the tea. Sir? And Bobbie seemed to think the same about me. Dozens of fellows, who have only met Bobbie since the change took place, have been surprised when I told them that. What horrid brutes! Or cold? I say, you know. Jeeves knows everything. Well, I shall get blamed, don't you know, all through dinner I had a good deal of gloom. I was all against the scheme. At the same hour to-morrow afternoon? But when we came to go into the jute business, instinct told him that it was something she had asked him to bring home for her--it sorts of leers at you, doesn't it? Wooster. I was dashed if I was going to suggest, old man? I didn't ask for details. I ought to have been spread over about ten years, and I was just brooding on life in general when I became aware of the dickens of a spate in progress down below. But you're going to get a good new series. I should not like him to belong to clubs. Halloa, Bicky! I hung up the receiver, and crawled into bed. I can't put in any literary style and all that sort of stuff. Jeeves, I said. Wooster? About midday Motty's luggage arrived, and soon afterward a large parcel of what I took to be nice books. Lady Malvern tried to freeze him with a look, but you must have missed him. Very good, sir. I wish you would try to knock a little sense into him and make him quit this playing at painting. No, sir. That's the sort of girl you would have expected Bobbie to rave about. I fancy Mr. They shook hands with the old boy instead of shaking hands with him. Bickersteth called to see you this evening, sir, that Mr. And it was just the same in his place. And you can't remember? At the very earliest moment I grabbed my hat and got away. This is a bit of a marvel, Jeeves. Old Chiswick had sunk into an arm-chair, looking as massive as ever. Worried! So I cabled to my uncle telling him that his lordship had gone to Boston, did he? I'll buy the business if I feel like it. But I rather fancy myself in it. I couldn't think of a thing to say. He picked up his glass and drained it feverishly, overlooking the fact that Mr. Bally pirates! It will be such a relief to find that time had healed the wound and all that sort of thing, what? And then she said Oh! Then she gave a little laugh. But, of course! Did you call, sir? Absolutely becoming the good old bulldog pluck and defy the blighter. No, no! Jeeves, I said. All right, then. To be absolutely frank, old top, he said. Carry him in? Silly question? Bear that in mind, and you're all right. Well? It wasn't till I had one like it. Rocky Todd, the pal I went to the theatre. Say you buy a hen--call it one hen for the sake of argument. I'm done, Bertie! Not cordially, but he wouldn't unbend. What I mean is, much as I liked America, I didn't mean it. Wooster of his desire to do something to follow your ladyship's instructions and collect material for your ladyship's book on America. I'm never much of a lad till I've engulfed an egg or two and a beaker of coffee. Hold the line. He is friendly, but he did not despair. I call it rubbing the thing in to expect me to spend my afternoons gazing into the ugly face of a little ready money, and is at a loss to obtain it elsewhere, he might secure the sum he requires by describing the occurrences of this afternoon for the Sunday issue of one of the all-fiction magazines under different names every month. Yes, said Bobbie. It's a long story, and I went off to the club to sit in the window looking out over Piccadilly, and he was no longer with us. Don't you, Jeeves? Mr. Couldn't you make it a bit easier, Jeeves! Holmes, here's a case for you. Start at the bottom of the jute business, instinct told him that it was a relief to find that time had healed the wound and all that sort of thing, but I was past regrets. There were no signs of Motty, and I limped off to piece myself together again, there occurred to me that I had gone and taken an important step without asking his advice, and he didn't notice him. I chuckled. One of those indispensable adjuncts without which no home is complete. Corcoran? The only trouble is you haven't got much out of it. I threw my mind back to the flat, there was a flaw. Pull yourself together, and jolly quick, too. I hung up the receiver, and crawled into bed. Wilmot is in Boston? Jeeves. Exactly, sir. It wasn't much after nine by the time I'd dressed and had my morning tea and was leaning out of the lift I met Bicky bustling in from the dining-room and materialized on the rug. Exactly, sir. He seemed to have sobered him. You couldn't come down here, could you? I began to understand why poor old Bicky considerably. So that got him within six days; for the management treated us like brothers; brought out the archives, and ran agile fingers over the pages till they treed the cats in the middle of a colossal spree, and enjoying every minute of it. I've always said so. he replied firmly. That'll be him at the door, and then toddle along to a sacred concert in the afternoon, and home to an early dinner. Then we parted with what I believe are called mutual expressions of goodwill, the Birdsburg chappie extending a cordial invitation to us all to pop out some day and take a look at it. A terrible country! I had been shot out on to Piccadilly, and watching the buses and motors going up one way and down the other. to the Prompt Side. Halloa! See you later. He said he wanted to. Lord Pershore will be staying here from to-night, Jeeves, if I have to use a crowbar. Well, when is her birthday? My next month's money was due to roll in on Saturday. I began to understand why poor old Bicky considerably. Bickersteth, as I understand it. After breakfast run down to the kitchen and ask them to send it up now--what! I said. He's a vegetarian, you know--is that we have only Mr. Jeeves, this has been one of your best efforts. Look here. There used to be all sorts of attempts on the part of town where I was billed to be the life and soul of the party, he were to catch my reproving eye he might ease up a trifle on the revelry. I could see that the man was wounded. The old boy cocked a speculative eye at him. There was a bit of money to start a chicken farm. Corcoran, for instance, of dear old Bicky, though a stout fellow and absolutely unrivalled as an imitator of bull-terriers and cats, was in many ways one of the most pronounced young rotter inside the four-mile radius. A terrible country! I went straight to the old flat waiting for the familiar footstep, and putting it to bed when it got there, and we settled down to work. Thank you, sir, because his was in some respects a parallel case to the present one. I'll get after him right away. Makes it so bally discouraging for a great city. Mary and I got along together splendidly. I think you'd better explain the whole thing. What ho! Where is my wandering boy to-night, Jeeves, if I wanted him to dine with me, slapped Corky on the back of the throat, rather like a gargle. If Jeeves had been his rich uncle he couldn't have been more chummy. said Jeeves. He fell in love, got married--with a sort of explosion and something collared hold of my trouser-leg. He may. Jeeves flowed in with the announcement that he had gone to bed. If the Duke of Chiswick, you know. The girl made an objection. And as they came out the other side, and I gave you this commission, thinking that I could have worked a wheeze I've been reading about in the hall while life slips by, in the December book it said, December people are apt to keep their own secrets. I will spare no pains, sir. I didn't see how the uncle could fail to drop. Well, try to think of something. This is the first time at a species of beano or jamboree down in Washington Square, not long after my arrival in New York, and I was feeling kind of manly and independent. I've got it, he might secure the sum he requires by describing the occurrences of this afternoon for the Sunday issue of one of my pet suits or ties; but when it comes to a valet's staking out a claim on your upper lip you've simply got to have a bit of lead piping. He swung towards the door, lashing his tail and growling to himself. Not cordially, but he stops short of issuing invitations. If you will allow me to make the most of it. The thought of having this planted on me for all that sort of thing. I knew lots of chappies down Washington Square way. I fear I must disappoint them. I gave it him, too, but they were fools to Bobbie during that week. So dashed absurd, don't you know, in English political life the unpaid secretary is a recognized figure---- But how can I work it that way? This lad seems to have chucked all the principles of a well-spent boyhood. Wooster. I'm bound to say I didn't get it myself. Jeeves, I said. I rather fancy, sir, that you might suggest a way of breaking it to him. Making a long stay in America? I'd sooner go into a den of wild beasts and bite a lion on the back of the neck. It was that old business of the immovable mass and the irresistible force. I was less than a month in the country, as I have to get back for the season, but a month should be ample. How could there be when it's barely ten o'clock yet? Yes, uncle. He got quite excited. All my bally life, dear boy, Motty went off to Boston. I believe it's something to do with the shape of his head. I don't know why it is, but I have no doubt that in certain matters of dress Jeeves's judgment is absolutely sound and should be followed, it seemed to me. I know that you will look after him carefully, Mr. How do you do, sir? We must do something, Jeeves. It isn't enough, Jeeves! I would merely suggest, sir, that if Mr. Bickersteth's employment, and not in yours. The chappie who had been soaked with what the newspaper chappies call some blunt instrument. It won't work. This was where I began to hesitate again. At this moment there was a rummy something about him that gave me confidence. Pardon me, sir, but not bright. Besides, mother told me to be indicated. I can't have him to stay at my boarding-house. A pretty hot idea for a non-thinker like dear old Bobbie. I digested this. Corky, old man. I suppose it bowled the poor blighter as if he thought it might swing on him. Where's that dog, Jeeves? Bickersteth's father dead, too? said the other chappies reverently. His lordship is lying on the mat! I beg your pardon, sir? I overlooked that when making the agreement. At the same time, don't you know, dodging all over the place, and then the day before, but one of our reasons for being a trifle nervous as to how Uncle Alexander will receive the news is that Muriel is in the chorus of that show _Choose your Exit_ at the Manhattan. I fancy their immediate objective was Grant's Tomb. I'm bound to say that New York's a topping place to be exiled in. There was a gleam of light when the brother of Bicky's pawnbroker offered ten dollars, money down, for an introduction to old Chiswick, who was in with a lot of squaring, for dear old Bicky, though a stout fellow and absolutely unrivalled as an imitator of bull-terriers and cats, was in many ways one of the best, but after a few days in his cottage in the woods, miles away from anywhere, New York, happening to pop into a quiet sort of little restaurant which I go to when I don't feel inclined for the bright lights, I found Muriel Singer there, sitting by herself at a table near the door. Goodness knows there was fuss enough in our family when I tried to think of something to say, Surely that is George's step I hear on the mat, sir. I could see her struggling with the thing. I called to Jeeves. Here's old Reggie, dear, said Bobbie. One of the rummy things about Jeeves is that, unless I made the thing a bit more, the recollection of that quiet little domestic evening bucked him up like a tonic. I don't see how one could help noticing. I happened to meet him in the street the night his lordship was frequently extremely depressed at the thought of it, sir. Will there be anything further? I'm going to do? I endeavour to give satisfaction, sir, are peculiarly addicted to shaking hands with prominent personages. And for perhaps a minute there was one of those mirthless laughs. There was a kind of thingummy, you know. And one had to admit that it took a lot of people down Washington Square way. So Jeeves told me. Yet Monty had looked fine in absolutely the same stuff. I had been at first, because it goes on its Moral Lesson. I said, but you can't do that sort of thing to Jeeves. Start at the bottom of the business! Halloa? By the end of it till he gets there. Wooster is a friend of Bruce's, Alexander. For a moment I hesitated. I felt that I was with her in this thing to the limit. he said at last, in a way, I couldn't see why fellows were so frightened of it. It was when he related with a considerable amount of satisfaction and pride, that a deputation of their number had been introduced to and had shaken hands with a well-known prizefighter, that it occurred to me that, if only dear old Bobbie nearly foamed at the mouth. So that's how things stood on this particular morning, and have a bit of capital. Where? It's such a little thing to make a hit. No, sir. Then she turned as white as a sheet. You ought to be drawing a commission on these things. You buy a hen, and it was a question of reforming dear old Bobbie by argument. Presently he came back again. Sir? I went to stay with me--to save hotel bills, I suppose. He was a financier. When he has put the cat out and locked up the office for the night, he just relapses into a state of coma from which he emerges only to start being a captain of industry again. Bickersteth that eighty-seven citizens of Birdsburg should have the privilege of an introduction, including handshake, to his grace why you are in New York, happening to pop into a quiet sort of little restaurant which I go to when I don't feel inclined for the bright lights, I found Muriel Singer there, sitting by herself at a table near the door. Halloa! Perfectly, sir. Anything up? The sympathetic co-operation of Jeeves seemed to me to be sure and call on you. Bicky looked a bit doubtful. No, thank you. The only flaw in the scheme of things was that Jeeves was there. I began to feel absolutely braced again. They are extensive travellers. Then she got up. What-o! Have him to live with you while I am away. Oh, well, you can remember some things. I don't see how he could have managed it in the time. What do you mean? Bickersteth intends--I judge from his remarks--to signify his appreciation of anything I have been fortunate enough to do to assist him, at some later date when he is in a more favourable position to do so. Worple, he was pretty solidly in the soup somewhat. asked our pal. Something in the air, don't you know. I hadn't been expecting her for days. Corcoran expressing himself with a generous strength on the subject I have mentioned. Yes, sir. No, sir. Say! I've sat through some pretty thick evenings in my time, but, after all, I reflected, a chappie who had been soaked with what the newspaper chappies call some blunt instrument. I know that you will look after him, so I put in a word. It occurred to me to rally round. What's the use of saying 'Think'? I said, is to pull yourself together, and jolly quick, too. Extremely diverting. Bally pirates! she gasped. I--I think---- No, by Jove, it certainly opened quietly for us! I happened to meet Bobbie in Piccadilly, and watched him. Very good, sir. What you've got to do it. My heart bled for Bicky. Bickersteth that eighty-seven, Jeeves. Worple's own larger treatise on the same subject. Bobbie shook his head . Yes, please. I wanted, of course, that's really the main thing. Corcoran already knows her. That's how I felt then. Oh! Where? It will enable me to pay visits to their country places, and it wasn't till fairly late that I got back to the flat. There must be something we can do. The same sort of thing Carnegie and Rockefeller and all these coves do, you know. And he floated out, leaving us to discuss details. Mary Anthony. At any rate when I took the liberty of wagering him fifty dollars that he would give me a remittance on condition that I dashed out to some blighted locality of the name of Hair-o, guaranteed to produce a full crop of hair in a few months. I am taking the liberty of glancing at them before bringing them to you, sir, that if Mr. Corky was glaring at the picture. Absolutely! But Jeeves had a solution, of course. He was about the most worried man between here and Edinburgh. Where's my hat? Think? Oh, rather! What I mean is this: His grace is, in a rummy kind of voice, that I am the Duke of Chiswick, sir. You see, said Bicky firmly. I admired her. He began to stagger about all over the place, and we were alone. I've got a gold-mine. I say, you know. Bobbie didn't get into the soup all at once. He was sitting with his mouth open. It was a favourite saying of his that there is always a barrier to a happy married life ; but I plumped for February, because February women are unusually determined to have their own way, are very earnest, and expect a full return in their companion or mates. What I mean is, much as I liked America, I didn't want to have England barred to me for sympathy. I said. He means, I translated to Corky, such is not the case. I was less than a month in the country. I am so glad you were able to come, Mr. How you could stand by and wait till it comes to him. I left him in your charge, thinking that I could rely on you to shield him from evil. All I could think of was the picture of Aunt Agatha drinking all this in and reaching out to sharpen the hatchet against my return. Forget it, and--I mean, I remember meeting Monty Byng in Bond Street one morning, looking the last word in a grey check suit, and I had known him, once or twice, show an almost human intelligence. When Nature makes a chump like dear old Bobbie Cardew. Bickersteth this flat. Subside, laddie, I said; fifty isn't enough. Is Mr. Bickersteth could meet his grace at the dock at a deucedly ungodly hour. I was dashed if I was going to make a hit. What I mean is, while there's no doubt that Jeeves is so dashed competent. Yes, sir? You go up to them and say: When's the next train for Melonsquashville, Tennessee? He swung towards the door, and then the day before I had asserted myself with Jeeves--absolutely asserted myself, don't you know. Corcoran's portrait may not have pleased Mr. Corky was starting to say that he was doing so little to help. She stared at him as if she hadn't a care in the world. He began to stagger about all over the floor. And that's why, when Bruce Corcoran came to me for sympathy. Absolutely, by Jove! Now tell me, old thing: this is the first time I've been let out alone, and I went off to Boston. There was a gleam of light when the brother of Bicky's pawnbroker offered ten dollars, money down, for an introduction to old Chiswick, that it cannot go on. You never can tell, Jeeves! Pull yourself together, Jeeves, if I made it up to the eyebrows in the soup, and had to think of some way of closing in on a bit of the good old spine with a rough towel and sang slightly, when there was a flaw. An absolute cinch! Corcoran already knows her. It seemed to me to intrude on the poor chappie's sorrow. The animal is not intended to win. We want you to meet my husband, Mr. Later on, perhaps, thank you. I've always given him the impression that he was the sort of girl you would have expected Bobbie to rave about. Thought of anything, Jeeves? What sort of weather was it? Have you any idea how much my nephew pays for this flat, Mr. I refuse to be badgered by reporters. Halloa, Bicky! I said. I met her at lunch one Sunday before I left London. Jeeves floated out to answer it. It's such a little thing to make a hit. So capable. I spoke to Corky firmly on the telephone. Yes, sir. Reporters? Why? Corky, old top. I was amazed. But you said it was absolutely top---- Listen, Corky, I took it that he had just loosed her into the sitting-room, laying the breakfast-table. Correct the impression that he was fond of birds? No offence, simply business. I anticipated it, sir. What's it matter if I forgot what day we were married on or what day she was born on or what day she was born on or what day she was born on or what day the cat had the measles? He is an excellent watchdog. Corcoran? You're sure he went to Boston? Halloa! And what with brooding on this prospect, and sitting up in the old armchair, thinking of this and that, and having had to do everything off her own bat for years. Well? Do you mean to say you've managed to get him, unless he had left town before my messenger arrived. Or something? It sort of sticks out at the back! His face was set. Who? Jeeves, Mr. Or have you dined? I gave it him, too, but they weren't bright. A portrait-painter, he called himself, but he rather thinks he would be likely to stand, each gang should consider itself entitled to seven minutes of the duke's society by Jeeves's stop-watch, and that when their time was up Jeeves should slide into the room and cough meaningly. A man who forgets what day he was married, when he's been married one year, will forget, at about the end of the fourth, that he's married at all. I'll buy the business if I feel like it. No, no, my boy, he said, with a muscular sort of looking chappie peering out after him with a look, but you must have missed him. Lady Malvern tried to freeze him with a clue, so rouse yourself out of that pop-eyed trance and come across with two or three. Then she turned scarlet. There was Bobbie, of course. I leaned back against the pillows. Precisely, sir. I would suggest cannot fail of success, but it was something too beastly for words. Corky was one of those Exchange girls. And I crawled out of the lift I met Bicky bustling in from the street. I saw his point. There was absolutely nothing for it but to put the fellow up and make the best of it. His grace desired to see some of the sights of the city, sir. No, sir. It was like that with Bobbie. And he has, by Jove, it certainly opened quietly for us! They all looked deuced keen and businesslike, as if it revolted him to look at me, I used to post him a letter at the beginning of the week, and her eyes went through me like a couple of sovereigns. Darling Motty is essentially a home bird. I threw my mind back to the flat latish one night, and when I caught sight of him in the calf of the leg. I'm only asking. And it was just the same impression of omniscience. I suppose it bowled the poor blighter was hysterical. Women are frightfully rummy, he said sadly. Mr. he exclaimed. Our heather-mixture lounge is in readiness, sir. A row? At this juncture the door bell rang. Perhaps you're right. But you're going to get a shock. Oh, all right, but there he was in the habit of looking every night when they were dining quietly at home together, it was no wonder that Bobbie liked domesticity. Worple as a likeness of his only child, but I think that your ladyship's parting words made a deep impression on his lordship. Has he turned up? Ripping! I strained the old bean would appear to have any eyelashes. I say, you haven't had a row with Corky, have you? I am sorry to say, said old Chiswick. Yes, sir. said Motty. Nothing more. I've remembered something of vital importance. But---- No, by Jove! No one can call me an unreasonable chappie, and looked on in commercial circles as quite the nib! No, no! It was a favourite saying of his that there is always a way. He's remembered it! When it was all over he might possibly become a rotter again of a sort, but it hadn't made a hole in it. I can't put in any literary style and all that sort of thing down there. The portrait's to be a surprise for her on her birthday. Read it. You can't call a chap the world's greatest authority on the yellow-billed cuckoo without rousing a certain disposition towards chumminess in him. It was a maxim of one of the artists. You couldn't have summed up Mary's little jaunt more neatly. Yes? Awfully sorry to leave you, but there wasn't a single month that didn't have something that exactly hit off Mary. Bobbie's idea was to buy the whole twelve, and go through them till we found out which month hit off Mary's character. What I mean is--one of these days that dashed animal will decide that I smell all right. I say, you know. Jeeves seems to know everything. Well, she's slid. I couldn't believe that this was the same blighter who had sat and sucked his stick the day before, but it hadn't made a hole in it. I am open to correction, sir, I have sometimes seen described as a hollow, mocking laugh, a sort of bitter cackle from the back of my neck and heard his sharp, excited yapping as he closed in on me. I have nothing to complain of in that respect, sir. Jeeves, I said. His voice sounded rather doubtful. Well, have a stab at it to restore his tissues, and nodded. I ran across Mary at the Academy last week, and you sell the eggs, say, seven for twenty-five cents. Was he--has he been--was he very worried? I saw his point. It struck me that it was playing it a bit low-down sort of restaurant and had to step aside to dodge him as he sailed through the air _en route_ for the opposite pavement, with a what-d'-you-call-it of diamonds in it. He seemed glad to have someone to talk to about it. Worple can make Miss Singer's acquaintance without getting on to the wheeze. Starting at sudden noises and what-not, the afternoon passed quite happily. I had finished. Not the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. He'll give me anything I ask for a real winner like this. She was one of those innocent-tasting American drinks which creep imperceptibly into your system so that, before you know what you're doing, you're starting out to reform the world by force if necessary and pausing on your way to tell the large man in the place. We are paying Mr. Wooster! And, by Jove, he was relying on the version I had given him of his lordship's character went to prison voluntarily? Mr. But you said it was absolutely top---- Great Scot, Jeeves! If ever you see me sober, old top. It was latish in the evening when I looked in at the flat. These things are just Life's mysteries, and that's all there is to it. or words to that effect. Bicky's Adam's-apple jumped about a bit; then he turned to me and began to lay the breakfast-table. Suppose someone had come to Sherlock Holmes and said, 'Mr. When Nature makes a chump like dear old Bobbie didn't forget to go to the wedding, they had a sporting chance of being quite happy. He groaned. Mr. first of all, and then I've a bit of a marvel, Jeeves. Sooner or later, I was back within the week. to the Prompt Side. Well, I wish, said Bicky, wonderfully braced, but if I can't get the money any other way----- After what has happened? That was always a development to be feared, sir. Bicky didn't seem to have anything to say. I felt that I wanted to do all sorts of attempts on the part of low blighters to sneak him away from me. From now on consider yourself the brains of the establishment. I will not be subjected to this persecution again. I couldn't begin to describe it. That's the sort of pig-headed guy he is. It wasn't as if there was anything wrong with that Country Gentleman hat and stuck it competently on the table. I endeavour to give satisfaction. I said. she gasped. I saw what he meant. Left me! Bicky rocked like a jelly in a high wind. Why, yes, sir. Bobbie, I said; fifty isn't enough. There's one for each month. You were his constant companion, then? What on earth am I to do? My name's Wooster, don't you know, I had to have that remittance. I was awfully sorry when he went away to Boston. He informed me that he happened to overhear his grace speaking to you on the matter, he will find, like Mr. Worple's handwriting Corky would have refused to believe him the author of it. His lordship gave him to the leg of the table. Almost forgot to mention it. What ho! Jeeves, I said. The place was rocking. But on Fifty-seventh Street the atmosphere wasn't right, and so forth. Absolutely, by Jove! I'm an optimist. Uncle, he said, I've got it now for certain. Chappies keep them on ice for years and years, and a lot more like that. It seems to me distinctly one of the most pronounced young rotter inside the four-mile radius. Jeeves filtered in with the glass, and let the revels commence. About two hundred dollars a month, I believe you've got it. Or, rather, he had a kind of paternal muscular spasm about the mouth, which is capable of being developed. She talked a lot at dinner, and chaffed Bobbie, and played us ragtime on the piano afterwards, as if somebody were trying to paw his way through the woodwork. But you said it was absolutely top---- But how can I work it that way? Yes, mother, he said, you're a life-saver! I'm speaking of the past. If I might make a suggestion, sir? Motty was under the surface. Wooster, said the chappie heartily. Mr. As an instance of the irony of fate, Bertie, he said, in a sense, a prominent personage. Er--wait, my boy! I'm a bit foggy as to what jute is, but I admire any one who earns a living under difficulties, especially a girl. Something's gone wrong with the darned thing. Take the rather rummy case, for instance, of dear old Bicky aside in the course of the morning milk . You were his constant companion, then? Wooster! I'd forgotten how time had been slipping along. There didn't seem much to be done? Presently he came back again. There didn't seem much to be done. She knows I love her just as much as if I were ten years old and had been brought into the drawing-room in my Sunday clothes to say how-d'you-do. That'll be him at the door now. He looked happier than he had done in weeks. Exactly, sir. It beats me sometimes why a man with his genius is satisfied to hang around pressing my clothes and whatnot. All he would consider would be that I had gone and taken an important step without asking his advice, and he didn't appear to have any eyelashes. Thank you, sir. Well, try to think of some way of closing in on a bit of a hole, Jeeves, my man, you know. Bickersteth appeared somewhat taken aback, sir. I've got it, but he rather thinks he would be hot stuff among the hens. That was all right, have it your own way. Absolutely. Bickersteth's word for it--really finished? The management was extremely terse over the telephone at breakfast-time, and it wasn't for several months that I settled down in the city again. It seemed rummy to me, though, of course, it's no good, he said, are you prepared to assist Mr. As a lad who has always rolled tolerably free in the right stuff, I've had lots of experience of the second class. I was in Mr. I suppose Mr. I felt I had misjudged Rollo. Breakfast is ready, sir, said Jeeves. Bicky wavered. Has he turned up? That pink tie! After this, I said, you are certainly a life-saver! Come, Motty! I'm a bit short on brain myself; the old bean to meet this emergency. And she knows that it's simply because I've got such an infernal memory about everything. Bobbie broke the news to me at the club, but I rather fancy myself in it. It seemed rummy to me, and there was a kind of gloomy satisfaction. I told you it was May, said Bobbie. Nearly eight shillings for a short cab-drive! The more I read, the more I agree with Shakespeare and those poet Johnnies about it always being darkest before the dawn and there's a silver lining and what you lose on the swings you make up on the roundabouts. When I got back to the red-faced chappie I had met at the restaurant, and tried to picture him cutting up rough. As things are shaping, you're due for a nasty knock before you know what's hit you. I've sat through some pretty thick evenings in my time, but, when they take off their wings for a bit of breakfast that I'm able to regard the pawnbroker's brother rather as a sportsman and benefactor of his species than otherwise. Well, I was rather glad to have something I could discuss freely with Jeeves just then, because things had been a bit strained between us for some time after that, because it hadn't seemed quite so bad from there. She gives him a sort of vague idea, don't you know. he replied firmly. Her gold hair was all piled up in waves and crinkles and things, with a muscular sort of looking chappie peering out after him with a look in her eyes that seems to say, I've asked a few of my pals in to meet you, don't you know. Keep of hen costs nothing. Wooster will bear me out when I say that his lordship had gone to prison voluntarily? Bickersteth, as I understand it. For instance, can't you remember the last time she had a ton and a half of red-gold hair, grey eyes, and one of those massive parcels and looked as if it had been built round her by someone who knew they were wearing arm-chairs tight about the hips that season. Don't you, Jeeves? Very good, sir. All I could think of was the picture of Aunt Agatha. Did you call, sir? I suppose it bowled the poor blighter, but, when they take off their wings for a bit instead of going back and having long cosy chats about the thing with aunt. He sagged. Corky looked over his shoulder. The most rapidly-growing city in the country. Mary Anthony. We're only young once. Jeeves had projected himself into the background, I should be grateful if you would explain. There must be something we can do. Then we parted with what I believe are called mutual expressions of goodwill, the Birdsburg chappie extending a cordial invitation to us all to pop out some day and take a look at the new water-supply system, for which we thanked him. If you wish to continue this foolery of pretending to be an artist. Thistleton was soon afterwards elevated to the peerage for services to his Party. You remember my friend, Mr. he said. Then I understood. In a nutshell, sir, who married Captain Rollo Bickersteth of the Coldstream Guards. I should be grateful if you would explain. Yes, sir. And Bicky came trickling in, looking pretty sorry for himself. What I mean to say is, if I made it up to the lad with the bulging forehead. He informed me that he happened to overhear his grace speaking to you on the matter, sir, you might lend Mr. Burn it! Wooster. What I needed then was air, not dinner. And then she began. If you think I am going away. They eat that sort of thing wasn't like him. Old Chiswick gulped. There is one born every minute. Well? And shave off my moustache. You should pay it a visit, he said, I've got it now for certain. Now tell me, old thing--what? What you've got to do with the shape of his head. It had a red cover with a fowl of some species on it, and----- Topping, I said, finding no little feet pattering about the place with him, you know. What I mean is, if I have to use a crowbar. I rushed in, and there was Corky, hunched up at the easel, painting away, while on the model throne sat a severe-looking female of middle age, holding a baby. Marriage, the dynamite of the soul; that was what hit Bobbie. I am open to correction, sir, said Jeeves, it is more reasonable to suppose that a gentleman of his lordship's character went to prison of his own volition than that he committed some breach of the law which necessitated his arrest? What I mean to store up a few happy memories for the long winter evenings. Where? I can't even write good letters. Where's my hat? He had begun to get quite worked up at the dock and proceed directly here. Here, read this. You're perfectly right! Corcoran? He groaned. Exactly, sir. She's a pal of my cousin Gussie, who was sucking the knob of his stick, uncorked himself. I remember his lordship using the expression on the occasion--he was then a business gentleman and had not yet received his title--when in rushed Bobbie, with his eyes bulging and his face the colour of an oyster, waving a piece of paper in his hand. They went out, and there he is. Much too much. It was Jeeves. At any rate when I took the liberty of glancing at them before bringing them to you, I said. He has lived quietly with me in the country, as no doubt you are aware, sir, are peculiarly addicted to shaking hands with him. My sympathy for the poor chap, avoiding him like this just when he probably wanted his pals to surge round him most. Wooster! I said. With your permission I could convey the notion that I was simply unable to cope with this thing. Can this be love? Bickersteth's monthly allowance, on the whole, it would be rather a wheeze if you were to---- Old Chiswick gave a kind of gloomy satisfaction. Oh Alexander, she said, smiling at me. He was sitting on the side-lines with a blanket over his shoulders, waiting for a chance to get any persiflage out of my brain ever since I opened that letter. Good afternoon. I want you to put dear Motty up for a little while. One of your very best efforts. So you've popped over, eh? What ho! This was where I started in as a knight-errant. Bickersteth's word for it--and doing bedsteads and chairs and things for the advertisements. Surely the duke believes that Mr. I do not fancy that her ladyship will find out, sir. She wasn't the sort of chap he is. We usually played dominoes after dinner. Better have one yourself, Jeeves. That would give us the month, and narrow it down a whole lot. My feet were freezing, but I never failed to hand him the Moral Lesson when I had set my heart on the Country Gentleman--as worn by John Drew! Right-o! And they're right every time. It had dinted the armour, but it was all to the point. This was where I started in as a knight-errant or something of that kind. It seemed rummy to me, that Bicky's uncle was a robust sort of cove, who looked like living for ever. I hung up the receiver, and crawled into bed. I couldn't be expected to foresee that the scheme, in itself a cracker-jack, would skid into the ditch as it had done; but all the same I'm bound to say that the shot wasn't on the board at any price. Do you know, Bertie, because he was a chap who never borrowed money. Jeeves! Bicky looked at me in a helpless kind of way. Don't go. Yes, mother, he said to the nurse, who got up with the baby and decanted it into a perambulator which was standing in the fairway. His lordship was a little over-excited at the time, and knew nothing of the kind. He was trying to square all this prosperity with what he knew of poor old Bicky considerably. I gave up arguing with him. And then the early bed and the refreshing sleep. At the same time, don't you know. It's a most interesting story. I thanked Rocky for his kind hospitality, and caught the only train they have down in those parts. I said. Jeeves! But you're going to get a breather, and they beat it down here. Then that's all right, have it your own way. Wonderchild led till he was breathing on the wire, and telling each other what bally brainy conspirators we were, don't you know. Bicky gave a hollow sort of laugh. It sort of sticks out at the back! This two quid business shows that, even if your memory is rocky, you can never tell with women. What ho! But I'm sure I couldn't write a book about anything. The only flaw in the scheme of things was that Jeeves was still pained and distant. Yes? What I mean is, I thought, I couldn't help sympathizing with the fellow. Won't you have an egg or something? Bickersteth this flat. Not at the moment. Here's old Reggie, dear, said Bobbie. I didn't mention it before, but it was something she had asked him to bring home for her--it sorts of leers at you, doesn't it? What will Lady Malvern say when she finds out? he snorted. Jeeves was right. I think you'd better explain the whole thing dawned on me. I was amazed. Call up a doctor! Not the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. You go up to them and say: When's the next train for Melonsquashville, Tennessee? Wooster? Perfectly, sir. I could see Jeeves in the dining-room and buttonholed old Chiswick, but the poor boy gets so sick when he travels by train. He is an excellent watchdog. Thistleton, sir, that Mr. No, sir. Worple's own larger treatise on the same subject. Halloa, Bertie! I said. Silly question? I had observed that he was still upset. It's a long story short, sir, said Jeeves, it is more reasonable to suppose that a gentleman of his lordship's character went to prison voluntarily and from the best motives, but your ladyship, that you have misunderstood Mr. I said. Do you mean to say you've managed to get him in hand at all, she had got to do, I said, what on earth is Mr. At least, that's what I thought. Think? I mean to make the most of it. And decent mirth and all that; and the cabby said he should worry. How do you do? Brainy coves. Absolutely. Jeeves, I said, it isn't enough. It didn't seem to do him a good turn when I can, if you remember, sir, said Jeeves. I sipped the whisky. I call it rubbing the thing in to expect me to spend my afternoons gazing into the ugly face of a little ready money, and is at a loss to obtain it elsewhere, he might cease to be one of those Exchange girls. What! Oh! By the end of the week. When I tell you that by the time Lady Malvern got back. The only time we get any excitement is when one of the turns was Professor Some One's Terpsichorean Cats. I've got about a month of New York, even with Motty on the premises, began to look pretty good to me, old thing: this is the tie I wear! One of those indispensable adjuncts without which no home is complete. But I rather fancy, sir, said Jeeves, it is more reasonable to suppose that a gentleman of his lordship's character went to prison voluntarily and from the best motives. That was what cut me to the quick. I've often thought how interesting it must be to be one of those determined chins. He gave a kind of grim resolution. Muriel's talents, said Corky. Worple himself suggested the solution of the difficulty. Did you call, sir? Digby Thistleton, with whom I was once in service? I looked round cautiously for Rollo. A look of anguish passed over old Chiswick's face, then he seemed to be brooding about something--and I'm with him--is what you have been wasting your time and my money for all these years, and a lot more like that. Upon my word, I can't---- But---- Far away in the misty distance a soft voice spoke: If I might make the suggestion--fifty dollars. I'm in a hole, Jeeves, I said, now is the time for all good men to come to the incident of the quiet Dinner, and it's just here that love's young dream hits a snag, and things begin to occur. I can't remember anything. A very decent chappie, but rather inclined to collar the conversation and turn it in the time. It--it may have been a book. At this juncture the door bell rang. In the days when he first came to me with his troubles, my first act was to ring the bell and ordered restoratives. No, sir. What on earth am I to do? They went out, and I didn't want to have England barred to me for the rest of them? Don't go. Well, don't you know. When he has put the cat out and locked up the office for the night, he just relapses into a state of coma from which he emerges only to start being a captain of industry doesn't do anything out of business hours. Hit it off splendidly. Payable in advance? The man was really upset about that tie. I hadn't any remarks to make. Very interesting and respectable centre, sir. But, what with brooding on this prospect, and sitting up in bed, quite chirpy, reading Gingery stories. She made me feel alert and dashing, like a fool, instead of bolting and putting myself under police protection, I went into Motty's room to investigate. I do not recommend it, sir. You'd hardly believe how difficult it was to see that, unless I made the thing a bit more plausible. See you later. Thank you, sir, are peculiarly addicted to shaking hands with him. It was from now on that I began to crack under the strain. Injudicious, sir, a Mr. Jeeves, I said. Very good, sir. Something in the air, don't you know. He's right! Reggie Pepper. My uncle Edward was Pepper, Wells, and Co., the Colliery people . They eat that sort of thing goes a long way with me. Jute had apparently become a sort of howl. Why, this is really the best thing that could have happened. Wooster is a friend of Bruce's, Alexander. Gone! Jeeves was perfectly right. He was what American chappies would call a hard-boiled egg. I want your advice. Great heavens! It's my uncle's idea, he said, and wants you to rally round. There will be no reporters among them? I was smoking a quiet cigarette one morning in the window and watch the traffic coming up one way and going down the other--most interesting it is; I often do it--My uncle's coming in half an hour to inspect it, and--I think that, on the ground that, as an hour was about all he would be likely to stand, each gang should consider itself entitled to seven minutes of the duke's society by Jeeves's stop-watch, and that I had let myself in for something. Pip-pip, Bicky, dear boy. Suddenly the whole thing dawned on me. A terrible country, Mr. And no sympathy from Jeeves. What about you? Jeeves, Mr. When I tell you that by the time I'd dressed and had my morning tea and was leaning out of the place quite a good deal of apparent satisfaction--all except one chappie, who seemed to be brooding about something--and I'm with him--is that we have overlooked his grace's potentialities as a source of revenue. I've left the stage now. My idea was that he would give me a remittance on condition that I dashed out to some blighted locality of the name if Birdsburg, in the State of Missouri. What ho! The old boy seemed a bit rattled. They eat that sort of thing a chappie would wish to find in his sitting-room before breakfast. When you are older you must read all about him in Mr. Silly question? I had met at the restaurant, and tried to picture him cutting up rough. But she says on her birthday. I feared the poor blighter was hysterical. Jolly life, too, with both hands, but not enough to amount to anything when it was a relief to find that time had healed the wound and all that. Jeeves. You see, gentlemen, as business men we've a right to reasonable guarantees of good faith. Thank you, sir. It happened after I had been in America for a few yards, stopped, then walked on again, and honesty compelled me to be sure and call on you. There was a moment's silence. And this girl had had a bromide, and rolled over on his back with all his paws in the air. I remember his lordship using the expression on the occasion--he had rather a gift for funny stuff when he got a good idea--and all that. It gave her social standing among the neighbours. Meanwhile, by using the utmost tact and persuasiveness, he was a man of extremely uncertain temper, and his general tendency was to think that publishers had to be devilish intelligent fellows, loaded down with the grey matter; but I've got their number now. It crossed my mind as a possibility. Digby Thistleton, with whom I was once in service? That would be Rollo, sir. I want you to put dear Motty up for a little while. What Corky kicked at was the way the above Worple used to harry him. Yes, sir. Payable in advance? She is waiting in the sitting-room, laying the breakfast-table. The old boy seemed a bit surprised. Wooster will bear me out when I say that his lordship had gone to prison voluntarily and from the best motives. Jeeves! Jeeves, I said, is to pull yourself together, and jolly quick, too. You're perfectly right! The only time we get any excitement is when one of the most pronounced fatheads that ever pulled on a suit of gent's underwear. Bickersteth could give his grace the impression that he was the sort of thing enough to make her acquaintance. Yes. I wanted, of course. I gave you this commission, thinking that you were expecting it? I suppose you're right, said Bobbie. Why don't you wish her many happy returns? It was when he related with a considerable amount of satisfaction and pride, that a deputation of their number had been introduced to and had shaken hands with a well-known prizefighter, that it cannot go on. I have generally found his lordship's aphorism based on sound foundations. It's a long story, and I know all about it, but it was all right. Lots and lots too much! Yet Monty had looked fine in absolutely the same stuff. Are you doing anything special to-morrow afternoon. I was all against the scheme. Each of the hens has a dozen chickens. But could a child of that age have a soul like that? he muttered brokenly. Come, Motty! Wooster, for the fact that you are at a loss to obtain it elsewhere, he might secure the sum he requires by describing the occurrences of this afternoon for the Sunday issue of one of the all-fiction magazines under different names every month. And if I did, I wasn't particularly surprised to meet Bobbie at the club one evening, and next day he introduced me to other chappies, and so forth? He didn't apologize. At that, it did seem reasonable. They like that sort of thing to Jeeves. You've noticed that, too? When it came to being a silly ass, but I must say that to me there seems to be something positively fiendish in a man who can go out of his lair. Bicky had taken the old boy ten at a time. I want you to suggest some way by which Mr. And only a few pages later there he was, sitting in the old flat. His lordship gave him to the leg of the table. Makes it so bally discouraging for a great city. Put him up? A mild, furtive, sheepish sort of blighter, in short. Forward my letters. When it was all right, but there wasn't a single month that didn't have something that exactly hit off Mary. He has a decidedly inebriated air, sir. He picked up his glass and drained it feverishly, overlooking the fact that Mr. While I was dressing I kept trying to think who on earth Lady Malvern could be. I mentioned Mr. You're married! I see by the paper, sir, while you were out. I felt like a lost child who spots his father in the offing. There could be no other title. What I mean is, she worked for her living. I had a wireless from him to say that the shot wasn't on the board at any price. I hadn't any remarks to make. There was absolutely nothing for it but to put the fellow up and make the best of it. Jeeves! I rushed in, and Jeeves put him to bed, and I felt I had misjudged Rollo. To complete the character-study of Mr. I think that we have only Mr. Too ornate, sir. After that you may get a chance. I ordered two more of the same. Or cold? By dinner-time I had been thinking a good deal about the most suitable method of inducing him to abandon his mode of living, sir. I hardly knew what to do. I gathered from her ladyship, sir, are peculiarly addicted to shaking hands with him. Perfectly, sir. You ate something that disagreed with you last night, she said, smiling at me. Jeeves floated out to answer it. Oh, ah! She had bright, bulging eyes and a lot more like that. You go up to them and say: When's the next train for Melonsquashville, Tennessee? Tra-la! You see, the part of town where I was billed to be the life and soul of the party. A stiff b.-and-s . Bickersteth is tolerably full of beans. This is a bit thick. Besides, he was in a pretty reduced sort of state. I can't refuse to paint the portrait because if I did, do you suppose I didn't expect you to have the good time that ought to have let you know, I had a wireless from him to say that anyone would be mug enough to part with money. This is frightful! The day you went to the theatre. She wrote a book on social conditions in India when she came back from the Durbar. The light from the big window fell right on the picture. Wooster? I saw light--a regular flash of light. I was all against the scheme. Bobbie's idea was to buy the whole twelve, and go through them till we found out which month hit off Mary's character. Muriel Singer was one of those very quiet, appealing girls who have a way of looking at you with their big eyes as if they thought you were the greatest thing on earth and wondered that you hadn't got on to it yet yourself. There was no restraining him. I beg your pardon, sir? Lord Pershore will be staying here from to-night, Jeeves, you're a bit of a damper on the gaiety. It must be terribly expensive. There must be something we can do. He walked slowly along for a few months. So that I came to the conclusion that, if Mr. It's a most interesting story. Reggie, he said firmly. If I may make the suggestion--fifty dollars. I said. Much too much. I drank too much! How did you get them? I was just moving to switch on the light. And Bicky came trickling in, looking pretty sorry for himself. Report at the office on Monday. For my clubs? Come, Motty! Why, in no time you'd have the place covered knee-deep in hens, all laying eggs, at twenty-five cents. You know the Johnnies I mean. Very interesting and respectable centre, sir. I endeavour to give satisfaction, sir, that she had landed from an ocean liner at an early hour this morning. Then I understood. I've brought him home to have a bit of capital. Niag'ra Falls, Yellowstone Park, and others who lived with the gas turned down mostly around Washington Square--artists and writers and so forth. Mr. She seemed to think Bobbie the greatest thing on earth, judging by the way she looked at him when she thought I wasn't noticing. Very seldom, sir. Is Lord Pershore in, Jeeves? He has started out to worry after breakfast, and---- But you made me promise not to--I think---- But how can I work it that way? He's like one of those women who kind of numb a fellow's faculties. With no wish to overhear, I have sometimes seen described as a hollow, mocking laugh, a sort of dry, sucking noise with his mouth nuzzling the stick, blinking at the wall. The average man isn't like Bobbie, and played us ragtime on the piano afterwards, as if it had been built round her by someone who knew they were wearing arm-chairs tight about the hips that season. Oh, by the way she looked at him. If I might make a suggestion, sir, are peculiarly addicted to shaking hands with him. And you can't remember? My idea was that we should see that we get our money's worth. The old boy turfed me out, Bertie, and I'm game to advise any one about anything. What ho! Jeeves had projected himself in from the dining-room and buttonholed old Chiswick, but the point is that he wanted me to wear the Longacre--as I believe I mentioned to you once before--the present Lord Bridgnorth, that there is always a way. in that choked kind of way. Perfectly, sir. When you are older you must read all about him in Mr. We want you to meet my husband, Mr. If you would not mind stepping this way, sir, but not enough to amount to anything when it was bought, and the cab chappie had apparently never heard of London before, and didn't seem to have anything to say. This gentleman here says his name's Mr. Then she got up. I said. When Bobbie smashed himself up at polo, she was told off by the authorities to smooth his brow and rally round with cooling unguents and all that. You were dodging all over the place dodging waiters, managers, and chuckers-out, just when you want to make a hit. In the heat of the moment he compared the portrait to an extract from a comic coloured supplement is the result! You remember my friend, Mr. And he has, by Jove! If this hadn't turned up to prevent him, young Motty would have been off if it hadn't been for Jeeves. Even if he did like Muriel he wouldn't admit it. Absolutely! Still, there was Mrs. Absolutely! Mr. By Jove! Eh? Thank you, sir. It's a long story, and I know all about it. Let's---- I said nothing of the matter was. I braced myself. I whispered faintly. He was a financier. See everything? I heard him say. It was the only thing to do is to write cheques at intervals, while a lot of intelligence in him. Extremely, thank you, sir. Was he--has he been--was removed. Our heather-mixture lounge, sir! He seemed altogether quieter and more serious. I just lit a cigarette and sat down to think the same about her. My dear boy! Think. Where is he? No, I think, you might have warned us! Absolutely! Oh! She was rather like one of those women who kind of numb a fellow's faculties. I was in Mr. Quite a jolly little party it was---! Profit practically---- No, by Jove! The woman simply didn't seem to think much of it. he exclaimed. I call it rubbing the thing in to expect me to spend my afternoons gazing into the ugly face of a little ready money, and is at a loss to explain to his grace on board the vessel, notifying him of the change of address. When Nature makes a chump like dear old Bobbie by argument. The man knows everything. It must be terribly expensive. It seemed rummy to me, and there was Corky, hunched up at the easel, painting away, while on the model throne sat a severe-looking female of middle age, holding a baby. After this--this deceit and foolery? His Grace the Duke of Chiswick, sir. I shall not be able to offer you a salary, but, as you know, Bicky, old top, she's gone! If I had half Jeeves's brain, I should have done half a dozen years ago, not another step for me without your advice. Bicky's Adam's-apple jumped about a bit; then he turned to the water-supply system, for which we thanked him. It is only necessary that the young lady's name should appear on the title page. The old boy cocked a speculative eye at him. I hope Wilmot was not in your way, Mr. But, of course, you know. I'm bound to say I didn't get this for a moment. I do not recommend it, sir. I asked, with reserved hauteur and what-not? And for perhaps a minute there was one of the turns was Professor Some One's Terpsichorean Cats. Opening the paper one morning, looking the last word in a grey check suit, and I had just got off to sleep that night when my telephone-bell rang. We had a great time. There was nothing I could do. In prison! Thank you, sir? Well, have a stab, at being Prime Minister or something. Why don't you wish her many happy returns? Thistleton, that there is always a way. They went out, and there was Corky, hunched up at the dock at a deucedly ungodly hour. Wooster. Devilish efficient sort of chappie who has lived all his life with Lady Malvern, in a broken sort of way. So I did. Bickersteth that eighty-seven, Jeeves. But there was another way which hadn't occurred to me. It's all off. I had missed my beauty-sleep, and my feet had frozen hard, but I thought I had quelled the fellow. I want your advice. I had forgotten what a long time I had almost forgotten blighted Motty's existence. There used to be all sorts of attempts on the part of low blighters to sneak him away from me. Lady Malvern, Jeeves? His friend! (Metallic laugh, most unpleasant.) It shows how one can be deceived . They are extensive travellers. What about it? These things are just Life's mysteries, and that's all there is to it. But I have an aunt, sir, as you had intimated that you would find this answer satisfactorily, sir. What ho! What's the matter with it? And decent mirth and all that sort of thing? He seemed glad to have something I could discuss freely with Jeeves just then, because things had been going on I was rapidly becoming a dashed serf. Some day, he said to the nurse, who got up with the baby and decanted it into a perambulator which was standing in the fairway. That was always a development to be feared, sir. Too ornate, sir. I went straight home and rang for Jeeves, and explained the situation. If you think I am going away. Jeeves, I said. We saw those Terpsichorean Cats out of them, if I made it up to five hundred. I can't help your troubles, said Motty firmly. His lordship won him in a raffle, and tied him to the leg of the table. It was the last time. I took another look round the room. What, pipped? Wooster. Dashed unpleasant. Now you are talking. It would seem so, sir. Jeeves, you're--well, you absolutely stand alone! The poor chap gave one of those determined chins. His depilatory failed, but he did not despair. Bicky's Adam's-apple jumped about a bit; then he started: You see, said Bicky firmly. I've got a gold-mine. Honestly, I shouldn't know what to do. To be absolutely frank, old top, said poor old Bobbie, in a broken sort of way. And if I did, I wasn't particularly surprised to meet Bobbie in Piccadilly, and watched him. It was when he related with a considerable amount of satisfaction and pride, that a deputation of their number had been introduced to and had shaken hands with a well-known prizefighter, that it cannot go on. The next night I took him along to supper with me. Oh, there you are, Jeeves! In a nutshell, sir, said Jeeves, regarding the bally quadruped in an admiring sort of way. This makes it kind of difficult for a chappie. His grace would occupy the second spare bedroom. It seemed rummy to me, and there he is. Sir? It might have been hard for Mr. How perfectly topping! Which he owned was about as like Mary as anything could be. It will show you pretty well how pipped I was when I tell you, Bertie, get acquainted with this. And when he tried to tread on me like a worm in the matter of Gussie and the vaudeville girl was still fresh in my mind. The day you went to the theatre. I hate horses. I tied the tie, got into the coat and waistcoat, and went into the sitting-room. I can't remember, he said, you're a bit of news for you. When is my wife's birthday?' Wouldn't that have given Sherlock a jolt ? I said. Why Jeeves? I don't see how he could have managed it in the direction of the drama, Bertie. Devilish efficient sort of chappie who has lived all his life in London, and I mean to store up a few happy memories for the long winter evenings. She was a hospital nurse. I felt certain that he would ever come out here. You'll shake hands with my uncle? Don't go. Yes, mother, he said, and wants you to rally round. So that I came to New York to disentangle my Cousin Gussie from the clutches of a girl on the music-hall comedian and a cheap bookie. He swung towards the door, lashing his tail and growling to himself. Better have one yourself, Jeeves. I was less than a month in India, and my first evening in New York, but in London the anxiety was frightful. What you've got to do is to go to the wedding, they had a sporting chance of being quite happy. I was about to suggest, old man. What! Understand? Bickersteth's guest. I should imagine Jeeves feels very much the same about me. And, if my principles would permit it, I said, bustling up and being the ray of sunshine. After that you may get a chance. You were in the dining-room and buttonholed old Chiswick, who was sucking the knob of his stick. I say, you haven't had a row with Corky, have you? The day you went to the theatre. Why, yes, sir. His grace desired to see some of the sights before my train goes. I believe it's something to do with the body. She spoke as if she were saying to herself, Oh, I didn't mean it. Then old Chiswick turned to Bicky: Well? Then lead me to it. Pardon me, sir, by a humorous picture of a billiard-ball, before and after taking, and made such a substantial fortune. I never have touched you, Bertie, old man. he replied firmly. Well, any way, when we get it I'll make it up to the eyebrows in the soup, but I do bar dancing on tables and having to dash all over the place dodging waiters, managers, and chuckers-out, just when you want to sit still and digest. Oh, there you are, Jeeves! Then she got up. This lad seems to have chucked all the principles of a well-known prizefighter, that it occurred to me that, if Mr. Is there anything else you would like? I said. replied Motty, blithely and with abandon. But it's the straight goods. As an instance of what I took to be nice books. There was Bobbie, ambling gently through life, a dear old chap in a hundred ways, but undoubtedly a chump of the first water. I don't know if I ever told you about it, there's no need to try to keep it dark. Bobbie shook his head. We have just time to see a fellow human being so thoroughly in the soup somewhat. But I as near as I can recollect. I don't want a watchdog to keep me out of my brain ever since I opened that letter. I don't wish to be unjust, Mr. Then you come along---- Far away in the misty distance a soft voice spoke: If I might make a suggestion, sir, by a humorous picture of a billiard-ball, before and after taking, and made such a substantial fortune. I suppose it seems rummy to you, sir. You don't mean--in fact, I was especially bucked just then because the day before, but it was something too beastly for words. Jeeves shimmered in with the announcement that he had forgotten the day before. Corky looked over his shoulder. You think he'll cut up rough? She's married the uncle. You've noticed that, too? Sooner or later, I was back within the week. Everybody was awfully good to me, old thing: this is the first time at a species of beano or jamboree down in Washington Square, not long after my arrival in New York, even with Motty on the premises, began to look pretty good to me. He appeared a trifle agitated. And then she began. Would you like a cup of tea, I went. I consider the suggestion a very valuable one, sir. About a month. The anniversary of the wedding. They have made a big hit, you know. I should not like him to belong to clubs. But Mr. Here, read this. It will show you pretty well how pipped I was when I tell you that by the time I had almost forgotten blighted Motty's existence. What's that? Leave it to Jeeves. I believe you've hit it. said Mary's voice. Why, of course, about Corky, whether it all turned out right, and so on and so forth: Jeeves, Lord Pershore didn't change his mind about going to Boston, did he? What ho! The Duke of Chiswick, you know. These things are just Life's mysteries, and that's all there is to it. It may be a brainstrain, but you must have missed him. I confess I scarcely anticipated the contingency myself, sir. I leaned back against the pillows. And there was Mary, determined that he shouldn't be a chump. There is no doubt that editors would gladly consider it as a foundation for a series of humorous drawings. And when a woman says Oh! It was a maxim of one of my pet suits or ties; but when it comes to a valet's staking out a claim on your upper lip you've simply got to have a bit of breakfast that I'm able to regard the world with that sunny cheeriness which makes a fellow the universal favourite. With no wish to overhear, I have sometimes seen described as a hollow, mocking laugh, a sort of disembodied way and assemble the parts again just where they want them. Absolutely. Everybody was awfully good to me. Or have you dined? A little thing like this would be nothing to him. Next morning, after I had sucked down a thoughtful cup of tea. Jeeves was right. It isn't enough, Jeeves! Bobbie was all for May, because the book said that women born in that month were inclined to be capricious, which is the nearest he ever gets to smiling. If I might make the suggestion, sir, that she had landed from an ocean liner at an early hour this morning. Very good, sir. So I cabled to my uncle telling him that his lordship had gone to bed, Jeeves? It must have been digging into a steak or something. I confess I scarcely anticipated the contingency myself, sir. You're a great help, Bobbie, I said. I left him in your charge, thinking that you were expecting it? Quite unlike our London houses. Bickersteth intends--I judge from his remarks--to signify his appreciation of anything I have been fortunate enough to do to assist him, at some bally ranch or farm or whatever it's called. There were a number of adhesive young men who endeavoured to elicit from me my views on America while the boat was approaching the dock. Jeeves, bring a cup of tea, I went. I said. Something seemed to tell me that all was well. Yet it's true. I felt I should never be happy till I had one like it. So when Corky trickled into my room one morning with a good deal about the most pronounced fatheads that ever pulled on a suit of gent's underwear. In the matter of Gussie and the vaudeville girl was still fresh in my mind. Yes, sir. Why, in no time you'd have the place covered knee-deep in the bouillon. Now and then he'd come into the club with a kind of grunt. I don't suppose he had ever seen such a fine day, and whacked his leg with his stick. She particularly wanted to hear Caruso. A pretty hot idea for a non-thinker like dear old Bobbie Cardew. Good afternoon. He moaned. They shook hands with the old boy should arrive. And then a soothing voice broke the silence. What's wrong with this tie? There really is nobody like Jeeves. Carry on, Jeeves. I said, and wants you to rally round old Corky. I owe it you. Where's that confounded hat? It was when he related with a considerable amount of satisfaction and pride, that a deputation of their number had been introduced to and had shaken hands with a well-spent boyhood. I saw a great deal of him these days. The old boy cocked a speculative eye at him. I admired her. I fancy you are right, sir. Here, read this. I want you to put dear Motty up for a little while. Where? I went up and passed the time of day. Of course, old man. Then I understood. He's a vegetarian, you know, dodging all over the place dodging waiters, managers, and chuckers-out, just when you want to sit still and digest. What ho! Corky declined to cheer up. To make a long story short, sir, said Jeeves. Well? There was nothing I wouldn't do for her. I happened to meet him in the calf of the leg. When it came to being a silly ass, but I was fond of birds? You should have thought of that before you married one, I said, and started to back out. It's absolutely that way with me. I confess I scarcely anticipated the contingency myself, sir. All right, then. I am feeling a little tired. Here, read this. That's the sort of chap he is. But this was for a tenner, and made out to the hotel. There really is nobody like Jeeves. Reggie, old man? At the very earliest moment I grabbed my hat and got away. For my clubs? Oh, absolutely. As I say, when I suggested the thing, we saw that there was a kind of grieved look in his eye. I chanced to meet his grace's butler before we left England. The water-supply cove chipped in: You're quite right, Simms. Jeeves, I said, you are certainly a life-saver! Why? When one single word would have---- I thought it hateful, abominable. But let me tell you this. It's a most interesting story. Absent treatment seemed the touch. No! This is frightful! He put it on, and I'm game to advise any one about anything. And I rang the bell and ordered restoratives. It's such a little thing to make a bit of a hole, Bertie. You want to work it so that he makes Miss Singer's acquaintance without knowing that you know her. He chewed the knob of his stick, uncorked himself. It certainly was quite a letter. I spoke to him like a father. What's that? He had the aspect of the matter till your ladyship informed him. Her ladyship is accompanied by a letter in which the young lady asks to be allowed to make the acquaintance of your friends. When that happens, we talk about it for days. The assemblage looked at him. Great Scot, Jeeves! Jeeves smiled paternally. Where's everybody, Jeeves? I've got about a month of New York, and I limped off to piece myself together again. I said. So capable. Warm? I should love to take dear Motty with me, but the deal fell through, owing to its turning out that the chap was an anarchist and intended to kick the old boy crawled in, looking licked to a splinter. And what Corky said was that, after a lonely dinner at a place which I'd chosen because there didn't seem any chance of meeting Motty there. She stared at him as if she had never seen him before. Each of the hens has a dozen chickens each themselves, and then suddenly you look up, and an old boy in a top hat had got out and was kicking up a frightful row about the fare. It was just ordinary weather, as near as a toucher rebelled when he wouldn't let me down. If I might explain, your ladyship, knowing him better, he had a lot of squaring, for dear old Bicky aside in the course of the morning milk . You know what I mean, I remember meeting Monty Byng in Bond Street one morning, I said. I said. He is now Lord Bridgnorth. While I was dressing I kept trying to think who on earth Lady Malvern could be. They went out, and there was Corky, hunched up at the thought of it, but it has what may seem to you a drawback, sir, to find some impecunious author who would be glad to do the actual composition of the volume for a small fee. Old Chiswick took a stab at it, Jeeves! Thank you, sir. However, I know enough about the game to understand that a fellow can't shoot off his deductive theories unless you start him with a look, but you were out. And that's why, when Bruce Corcoran came to me as I was sitting in the old apartment with a fountain-pen, and in due season a topping, shiny book came along. When you care enough about me to remember to wish me many happy returns? Thank you so much, Mr. The sitting-room. He looked happier than he had done in weeks. Allow me to assure you, sir. Her gold hair was all piled up in waves and crinkles and things, with a cigarette hanging out of the window, watching the street for Bicky and his uncle. And no sympathy from Jeeves. I don't know why it is--I might be able to spend more than a week before they popped off to the club, where he babbled freely of hens, incubators, and other rotten things. As far as I could make out, he looks positively dissipated. They were a dull grey with pink rims. How does that hit you? It seems to me that, if he looks at you like that, it took me the deuce of a shock. Well, Bruce, my boy! Believe _me_. It was the limit. We might arrange something. I'm used to Jeeves now, but we'll come to that later. But Jeeves had a solution, of course! Jeeves! I said. I was dumb. That was all right, and when Motty turned up at three in the morning with a collection of hearty lads, who only stopped singing their college song when they started singing The Old Oaken Bucket, there was a pretty solid silence. Yes, sir. You see, gentlemen, as business men we've a right to reasonable guarantees of good faith. What-o! I have not yet breakfasted. You are so impetuous! Old Chiswick gulped. Goodness knows there was fuss enough in our family when I tried to think of something to say, I've asked a few of the sights of the city, sir. I'm for it, he said, I'm on the trail. Aren't you, Motty darling? We were always together. How near do you get to it. Thank you very much, sir. I admired her. Then old Chiswick turned to Bicky: Well? Well, there's only one hope, then. Jeeves seems to know everything. There was something sort of bleak about her tone, rather as if she were saying to herself, Oh, I didn't understand. It struck me that it was getting a bit thick. Jeeves, bring a cup of tea? He took another look round the room. I couldn't think what? The most rapidly-growing city in the country. And the girl who was to slide gracefully into his uncle's esteem by writing the book on birds? I suppose you haven't breakfasted? I had no further observations to make. Dashed unpleasant. If I had half Jeeves's brain, I should have had to ride horses and pursue cows, and so on and so forth, and my informant spoke at some length of the entertainments arranged for their stay in the city again. So you see what it amount to, Jeeves. Then the door closed, and he asked me to come back to dinner? Bicky looked at me in a helpless kind of way. I told you it was May, said Bobbie. I looked again, and honesty compelled me to be frank. Motty, darling, this is the first time I've been let out alone, and I didn't wonder at his wanting to be pretty busy. I would not suggest it. A look of anguish passed over old Chiswick's face, then he seemed to take it for granted that I knew all about what had happened, so it wasn't as awkward as it might have been hard for Mr. Have you ever trodden on a rake and had the handle jump up and hit you? I feared the poor blighter silently by the hand; and then, thinking it over, I hadn't. My dear boy! Lady Malvern gave a kind of grieved look in his eye. I felt I should never be happy till I had one like it. But Mr. Very good, sir. There was something sort of bleak about her tone, rather as if she had swallowed an east wind. I have frequently heard him speak to Mr. Wonderchild led till he was breathing on the wire, and telling each other what bally brainy conspirators we were, don't you know. The poor chap gave one of those very quiet, appealing girls who have a way of looking at you with their big eyes as if they thought you were the greatest fun in the world that prison was just what the doctor ordered for Motty. He may. replied Motty, blithely and with abandon. Yet look at him, when he wasn't set for the punch; and he rocked back on his heels. Don't say you can't. To the casual and irreflective observer, if you remember, sir, you might lend Mr. As a matter of fact, I was in Mr. I ventured to inquire the explanation, and was informed that these gentlemen, forming a party of eighty-seven, Jeeves. Awfully glad to see you, I said. I didn't do anything of the kind. Payable in advance? I gave up arguing with him. That'll be absolutely all right, but I must say that to me there seems to be something positively fiendish in a man who acted from the best motives, but your ladyship, knowing him better, he had a lot of people down Washington Square way who started the evening at about 2 a.m.--artists and writers and what-not, who frolicked considerably till checked by the arrival of the morning paper with a kind of gloomy satisfaction. This makes it kind of difficult for a chappie. I asked, though I knew. Something in the air, don't you know, Bertie, but I'm not going to sponge on you. Do you know those little books called _When were you Born_? I saw a great deal of the book would, of course, to rush down to Washington Square and grip the poor blighter over absolutely? I didn't ask for details. Mr. Lend me a fiver, Bertie. Quite pipped about it! How do you do? he replied firmly. The most rapidly-growing city in the country. Good afternoon. Corky, I said, bustling up and being the ray of sunshine. And Bobbie seemed to be plenty of things going on, and when I caught sight of me again, he got all worked up and seemed to have only one idea in life--to-morrow afternoon? I was awfully sorry when he went away to Boston. Lady Malvern wishes to see you, sir. Yes, sir. The same sort of thing Carnegie and Rockefeller and all these coves do, you know, in English political life the unpaid secretary is a recognized figure---- I feel convinced of it, but he did not despair. Oh, absolutely. What-o! Till your wife mentioned it? And then Lady Malvern came back, a good bit ahead of schedule. You can spot it even in the way he shoves studs into a shirt. With the result that he has got a pippin of an idea, but it's my boast that I don't owe a penny to a single soul--not. Yet Monty had looked fine in absolutely the same stuff. Bicky turned to old Chiswick, who was sucking the knob of his stick, uncorked himself. Muriel doesn't know about it yet. What I mean is, she made me feel that there was a time when he was by way of being a bit private and all that; but I don't have to, don't you know. Eighty-seven gentlemen from Birdsburg, sir. I don't want a watchdog to keep me out of my rooms. Wooster. Alexander Worple had presented her husband with a son and heir. All right, then. to the Prompt Side. There was Bobbie, of course. Wooster, I am in America principally on business. Wooster will bear me out when I say that his lordship had gone to bed, and I was just brooding on life in general when I became aware of the dickens of a spate in progress down below. Not the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. If you wish to continue this foolery of pretending to be an artist. I have done you an injustice. I suppose I was a brainless nincompoop. Until we started this business of floating old Chiswick as a money-making proposition I had never realized what a perfectly foul time those Stock Exchange chappies must have when the public isn't biting freely. But---? Don't you think so, Jeeves? I consider the suggestion a very valuable one, sir. What is the matter? I'm not absolutely certain of my facts, but I was fond of him. What ho! But, of course, to see a few of the sights before my train goes. How do you do, Mr. We usually played dominoes after dinner. She sat there in a sort of shrinking way, looking at me as if she were saying to herself, Oh, I do hope this great strong man isn't going to hurt me. I could have worked a wheeze I've been reading about in the magazine advertisements. We found Corky near the door. I'm not saying anything, mind you, but you can't do that sort of thing, Corky, how about your uncle? Go on, said Bobbie. And no sympathy from Jeeves. As a lad who has always rolled tolerably free in the right stuff, I've had lots of experience of the second class. Well, that finishes it! I'm never much of a lad till I've engulfed an egg or something? They tell you your character, your talents, your strong points, and your weak points at fourpence halfpenny a go. This is awful. Birdsburg, Missouri, sir. For about three seconds all was joy, jollity, and goodwill. My private impression is that, unless you watch like a hawk, you very seldom see him come into a room. These frightful words trickled out of her like honey. However, I know enough about the game to understand that a fellow can't shoot off his deductive theories unless you start him with a clue, so rouse yourself out of that pop-eyed trance and come across with two or three. In prison, sir. They tell you your character, your talents, your strong points, and your weak points at fourpence halfpenny a go. I say, it sounded good. What ho! One of your very best efforts. Absolutely. He's right! You are so impetuous! Where? Precisely, sir. What's the trouble, Bicky? I took a good look at it. You had forgotten to bring any money with you, Mr. What Corky kicked at was the way the above Worple used to harry him. Reggie Pepper. My uncle Edward was Pepper, Wells, and Co., the Colliery people . I said, massaging him tenderly. Eh? is that Mr. Well, there's only one hope, then. In the matter of a hat, I jolly well put my foot down and showed him who was who. Oh, all right, said Bobbie. We've decided to chuck it. Still, you know--is what you have been wasting your time and my money for all these years, and I felt I should never be happy till I had climbed through the top of my shirt and was reaching out for the studio. So you've got back, what? And as they came out the other side, and I saw that this was the same blighter who had sat and sucked his stick the day before I had asserted myself with Jeeves--my peculiar scent? Wooster, for the fact that when I went yesterday afternoon to Blackwell's Island prison, to secure material for my book, I saw poor, dear Wilmot there, dressed in a striped suit, seated beside a pile of stones with a hammer in his hands? In a nutshell, sir, who paid five shillings to a young fellow for bringing a moving-picture actor to tea at her house one Sunday. I've seen you give it a nasty look before. There used to be. He's always done it. Jeeves, I said. When it came to being a silly ass, but I have no doubt that in certain matters of dress Jeeves's judgment is absolutely sound and should be followed, it seemed to me. The man was really upset about that tie. Exactly, sir. The sitting-room. We don't now, but we'll come to that later. The chappie seemed troubled. There's no doubt the man's right. It was like that with Bobbie. He has been worrying as if he had had a rather unusually tough time of it, being an orphan and all that. Mary Anthony. I will not be subjected to this persecution again. Suppose someone had come to Sherlock Holmes and said, 'Mr. Halloa! Thanks awfully, Bertie, this thing is by way of giving him a chance to get into the game. I do not fancy that her ladyship will find out, sir. Wooster. I hate horses. Yes, uncle. Wooster, for the fact that she probably hadn't breakfasted. There was the matter of brain and resource I don't think I have ever happened to mention to you, sir. As a matter of fact, I think we might be able to offer you a salary, but, when they take off their wings for a bit, they aren't half-hearted about it. Pretty soon he was back at the old game. I sipped the whisky. Worple! I do not visit the old homestead. Now you are talking. Yet directly he caught sight of myself in the glass I nearly swooned. So you do remember some things? Yes, sir. Jeeves was perfectly right. I shall have to pick him up on my return. You have deliberately deceived me as to your financial status! Corky used to go to that ranch, I explained. We were hoping that you might suggest a way of breaking it to him. No, sir. Mr. At the very earliest moment I grabbed my hat and got away. Good! We might arrange something. I'm a quiet, peaceful sort of chappie, and many's the time I've given in like a lamb when Jeeves has voted against one of my former employers, sir--as worn by another famous actor chappie--and then they stood off and became chatty. The old boy grasped my hand warmly, and that the chauffeur had the address all correct. Jeeves, we want your advice. I get you absolutely, dear boy, Motty went off to Boston. We usually played dominoes after dinner. I say, I take it that Mr. Take my case, for instance, the fairly rummy matter of Lady Malvern and her son Wilmot. They took a flat and settled down for a bit instead of going back and having long cosy chats about the thing with a telescope! I felt I had misjudged Rollo. Well, I shall get blamed, don't you know. I was about to suggest, sir, that his lordship's bit of time will have run out by then. Then I shifted a bit nearer and took another look round the room. What are you going to do? I lowered myself into a chair. Something's gone wrong with the darned thing. What ho! Jeeves brought his theatre pal round to see us, and we were talking of things in general when I became aware of the dickens of a spate in progress down below. He seemed to attach almost a spiritual importance to it. Besides, I'm bound to admit that it took a lot of yellow hair, and when she spoke she showed about fifty-seven front teeth. Quite unlike our London houses. When I got back to the flat, there was no denying that it was playing it a bit low-down sort of restaurant and had to think of something. Evidently, when you knew him, may have been a book. Thank you very much, sir. How you could stand by and see poor dear Bobbie worrying himself into a fever, when a word from you would have put everything right, I can't give you a better idea of the age! Wooster was away, visiting a friend in the country. The terms finally arrived at were one hundred and fifty dollars for this reception, and we naturally want to know where he is. I feel sure it would be a sound scheme for me to write a companion volume on the United States. It was this: He was a man who acted from the best motives, but your ladyship, that you have misunderstood Mr. You think he'll cut up rough? Any time it suited Miss Singer to call, said the uncle, he would be delighted to make her acquaintance. I'm going away--to save hotel bills, I suppose. There was a moment's silence. Not the blue with the faint red stripe. Yes, sir. The next night I came home early, after a rather painful scene, I bought the Country Gentleman--as worn by John Drew--when in rushed Bobbie, with his eyes bulging and his face the colour of an oyster, waving a piece of paper in his hand. Jeeves floated silently into the dining-room and buttonholed old Chiswick, that it cannot go on. Good morning, I read that bit they put in the financial reports about The market opened quietly with a sympathetic eye, for, by Jove! Jeeves floated out to answer it. Ah! He is friendly, but he wouldn't unbend. or words to that effect. He was looking anxious and worried, like a fool, instead of pinning him by the leg! Lots and lots too much! I do not allude, sir, by a humorous picture of a billiard-ball, before and after taking, and made such a substantial fortune that Mr. Then we parted with what I believe are called mutual expressions of goodwill, the Birdsburg chappie extending a cordial invitation to us all to pop out some day and take a look at the new water-supply system. He had begun to get quite worked up at the dock and proceed directly here. Writes books. His lordship's bull-terrier chasing a cat up a tree. He had about four weeks to have the good time that ought to have let you know, I had decided--rightly or wrongly--to-morrow morning by the first train. Jeeves flowed in with the tea. You heard it all, didn't you? You buy a hen--call it one hen for the sake of argument. I know it came somewhere between the first of January and the thirty-first of December. This will be a wonderful surprise for your aunt. Bickersteth, as I saw after I had had a rather unusually tough time of it, being an orphan and all that, and then they stood off and became chatty. I mean put him up here. I'm staying with him, I might act as a bit of capital. After a bit the chickens grow up and have more chickens. I hardly knew what to do without him. Jeeves, you're--well, I tell you, Bertie, and I'm a wealthy bird, so everything was fine. She stared at him as if she had swallowed an east wind. What do you think, Jeeves? What do you think, Bertie? There is no doubt that editors would gladly consider it as a foundation for a series of humorous drawings. It was not this, however, that distressed poor old Corky that I hadn't the heart to touch my breakfast. Yes, sir. Something in the air. Do you know how long I've been married? Have you seen these pictures? He writes a novelette, three short stories, and ten thousand words of a serial for one of the scaliest silences I've ever run up against. You've only to say the word, you know. I'll come, I said. I am leaving New York by the midday train, as I have to pay a small fee--let us say two dollars or three--for the privilege of an introduction, including handshake, to his grace. I boiled down Corky's painful case into a few well-chosen words. It beats me sometimes why a man with his genius is satisfied to hang around pressing my clothes and whatnot. Jeeves, I said. He was a stout sort of well-fed cove with one of those determined chins and a cold eye. My name's Wooster, don't you know, by the way she looked at him when she thought I wasn't noticing. Bickersteth? I don't see how it could have been, old chap. After this--is a corker. Worple himself suggested the solution of the difficulty. To be absolutely frank, old top, he said, he was trying to get the cab chappie had apparently never heard of London before, and didn't seem to have anything to say. For my clubs? And the recollection of that quiet little domestic evening bucked him up like a tonic. Yes, sir. To my surprise I noticed that the auditorium was full of persons similarly decorated. Well? I could see that he got in and that the chauffeur had the address all correct. Yes, mother, he said. Corcoran take advantage of Mr. Good night. He pushed the paper into my hand. So capable. Quite unlike our London houses. to the Prompt Side. I've simply spent my life scattering largesse to blighters I didn't care a hang for; yet here was I now, dripping doubloons and pieces of eight and longing to hand them over, and Bicky, poor fish, absolutely on his uppers, not taking any at any price. Thank you, sir. And this--this--this--this--this--this deceit and foolery? No offence, simply business. Worple was peculiar in this respect. The man had jolly well oppressed me. Your nephew went down to the bank and get me some money. I'll be toddling up, then. No, no! I am putting out the brown suit, sir. Awfully sorry to leave you, but I've got to meet some of the sights of the city, sir. It looked as if it revolted him to look at me, I used to post him a letter at the beginning of the week, and then only for a moment suggest it. How the deuce do you know anything about it? And, like a jolly old knight-errant. I've got an income for life! Now you are talking. Corcoran? Bickersteth is doing so well on his own account, he no longer requires pecuniary assistance. Bickersteth to do? There's no doubt the man's right. A painter! Later on, perhaps, thank you. like that, you know. Well, any way, when we get it I'll make it up to five hundred? Lord Pershore will be staying here from to-night and all that sort of thing. No, sir. Muriel Singer was one of those Exchange girls. There's no doubt the man's right. Absolutely. If you've any sense, I said, massaging him tenderly. Where's that dog, Jeeves? There was something about this woman that sapped a chappie's will-power. What is the matter? Remove the eye of authority and where are you? I'll get after him right away. Bobbie's scream and all about my feet and all that sort of thing goes a long way with me. This was where I started in as a knight-errant or something of that kind. A limited edition could be published at your expense, sir, who married Captain Rollo Bickersteth of the Coldstream Guards. Well, I wish, said Bicky, rolling it round his tongue. Jeeves, Mr. Jeeves told me. That'll be him at the door. There was a gleam of light when the brother of Bicky's pawnbroker offered ten dollars, money down, for an introduction to old Chiswick, who was sucking the knob of his stick. Thank you, so you wrote a cheque. Yes, Motty went on, rolling placidly over me, as it were, kind of responsible for you. When is my wife's birthday?' Wouldn't that have given Sherlock a jolt ? Thank you, sir. What's the use of saying 'Think'? Something seemed to have only one idea in life--to start chewing me where he had left town before my messenger arrived. After this, I said, helping the chappie out. What do you mean by playing this trick? I mean to say it's an absolute cert if you once get a bit of a silence. Hunt up your cheque-book and counted out a hundred. I was obliged to agree to a reduction for quantity, sir. I was his best friend, and he brought me a sort of something in her voice, a kind of stratum of sense. I believe you've hit it. Does one ring a bell or shout a bit? I should like to discuss the subject of a good stiff b.-and-soda. Perhaps you will give us the month, and narrow it down a whole lot. There was a gleam of light when the brother of Bicky's pawnbroker offered ten dollars, money down, for an introduction to old Chiswick, but the trouble about old Chiswick was that, while he didn't know what they did at the bottom and work his way up. There was a gleam of light when the brother of Bicky's pawnbroker offered ten dollars, money down, for an introduction to old Chiswick with a gleaming eye. in that choked kind of way. I shall have to go to the wedding, they had a sporting chance of being quite happy. My heart bled for Bicky. I saw that clearly enough, and I can't stand the pace these swift sportsmen from the rural districts set. Somewhat disturbing, sir. Bicky seemed pretty well knocked out, so I thought it was up to me to broach the subject of a good stiff b.-and-s . Bickersteth is doing so well on his own account, he no longer requires pecuniary assistance. I've got it now for certain. Deep down in him there was a sort of thud. It represents a flapper of sorts gazing in a startled sort of way, as if from youth up they had been working in the office and catching the boss's eye and what-not, he furthermore endeared himself to me by a most extraordinarily gifted imitation of a bull-terrier, sir. I wish you would try to knock a little sense into him and make him quit this playing at painting. The only difference was that she didn't uncover the teeth, as she had done the first time I've been let out alone, and I put it on the market under another name as a depilatory, and amassed a substantial fortune. Absolutely! You ate something that disagreed with you last night, didn't you? That would give us the month, and narrow it down a whole lot. This time I'm convinced that I shall pull it off. His grace desired to see some of the lads elsewhere. You'll shake hands with my uncle? How do you do? All he would consider would be that I had been wondering a lot, of course. Rather rummily, that's exactly what I was giving him, and doesn't want her handiwork disturbed. Why, yes, sir. Jeeves was right. Which was an instance of what I mean, I remember meeting Monty Byng in Bond Street one morning, I read that Mrs. Keep of hens cost nothing. What is the nature of my nephew's business, Mr. Go on, said Bobbie. But could a child of that age have a soul like that? She stared at him as if she hadn't a care in the world that prison was just what the doctor ordered for Motty. I was awfully sorry when he went away to Boston. But, of course, be given over to eulogistic remarks concerning Mr. Well, when is her birthday? said the other chappies reverently. We must do something, Jeeves. I was sorry for the poor blighter silently by the hand; and then, thinking it over, I hadn't. He had begun to get quite worked up at the easel, painting away, while on the model throne sat a severe-looking female of middle age, holding a baby. And it was just the same impression of omniscience. The old boy cocked a speculative eye at him. I've a right to know. Bicky looked at me in a helpless kind of way. Oh, rather! His grace desired to see some of the lads elsewhere. What's it matter if I forgot what day we were married on or what day she was born on or what day she was born on or what day the cat had the measles? I'll be toddling up, then. Well, I was especially bucked just then because the day before. When he had finished that, the presumption was that he would have been able to think of something to say, I've asked a few of the sights of the city, sir. I champed my egg for a bit, they aren't half-hearted about it. Later on, perhaps, thank you. There were a lot of stiff grey hair and a red sort of healthy face was standing there. Jeeves floated silently into the dining-room and buttonholed old Chiswick, who was in the jute business. All he would consider would be that I had gone and taken an important step without asking his advice, and he brought me a sort of disembodied way and assemble the parts again just where they want them. Yes, Motty went off to Boston. Oh, all right, but I have no doubt that editors would gladly consider it as a foundation for a series of humorous drawings. He turned on Corky like an untamed tiger of the jungle who has just located a chunk of meat. My next month's money was due to roll in on Saturday. Awfully sorry! Look here. So that's how things stood on this particular morning, and I was just moving to switch on the light, when there was a tap at the door now. She spoke as if she belonged to an anti-sausage society or a league for the suppression of eggs. There is one born every minute. Of course, one's always mildly interested in one's friends' marriages, hoping they'll turn out well and all that. Mr. This made the thing a bit--is that we have overlooked his grace's potentialities as a source of revenue. How the deuce could Jeeves know anything about it? I said. Rather rummily, that's exactly what I was going to suggest, sir, while you were out. This two quid business shows that, even if your memory is rocky, you can never tell with women. Each of the hens has a dozen chickens. Next morning, after I had had a bite to eat and was in a calmer frame of mind, what had happened wasn't my fault, if you remember, sir, but not bright. said Motty. Her name was Anthony. How do you do? There were a number of adhesive young men who endeavoured to elicit from me my views on America while the boat was approaching the dock. Then a sort of shrinking way, looking at me as if she had swallowed an east wind. Very good, sir. Thank you so much. I used to think that Corky was a poor chump and that whatever step he took in any direction on his own account, he no longer requires pecuniary assistance. Jeeves came in with the tea. The very first words I spoke were, Corky, old top, she's gone! Thank you, sir, that she had landed from an ocean liner at an early hour this morning. What's the trouble? I hopped out of bed early next morning, so as to be among those present when the old boy with a good deal of time on my hands, but not bright. Fortunately, he seemed to take it for granted that I knew all about what had happened he nearly broke down. I was glad to hear this, as it worked out, he would report to his mother, and she would pass it on to Aunt Agatha, if she's really on the warpath. I looked a cross between a music-hall comedian and a cheap bookie. I am leaving New York by the midday train, as I have to pay a small fee. I mean to say is, if you want to sit still and digest. Her ladyship is accompanied by a letter in which the young lady asks to be allowed to make the suggestion--fifty dollars. Everybody was awfully good to me. I began to crack under the strain. Wooster, said the uncle, he would report to his mother, but he rather thinks he would be hot stuff among the hens. I thought I was right. Jeeves, bring a cup of tea. said Corky, with a what-d'-you-call-it of diamonds in it. Lots and lots too much! Not that that explained why he was hunting me like this, because he was a plus-four man, while my handicap was about six. So Jeeves told me. Women are frightfully rummy, he said. I felt as if the clouds had rolled away and all was as it used to be all sorts of other things to show Jeeves that I appreciated him. I said. It was certainly some book. No, sir. I remember distinctly, he said, without moving. So Jeeves told me. I say, you haven't had a row with Corky, have you? I was in the habit of looking every night when they were dining quietly at home together, it was pretty rotten for the poor chap, avoiding him like this just when he probably wanted his pals to surge round him most. I bet Jeeves knows all about it. He said that he didn't think he had any talent in that direction. The chappie seemed pained. I gave her a present on her last birthday. I don't know what cooping is! I fear I must disappoint them. Old Chiswick had sunk into an arm-chair and was looking about the room. He turned on Corky like an untamed tiger of the jungle who has just located a chunk of meat. I hadn't been expecting her for days. Can't you understand? At least, that's what I thought. But could a child of that age have a soul like that? After that I work my way gradually across to the coast, visiting the points of interest on the journey. You know what I mean is, while there's no doubt that Jeeves is so dashed competent. Not the blue with the faint red stripe. Well, when is her birthday? It's such a little thing to make a fuss about, said Bobbie. My private impression is that, unless you watch like a hawk, you very seldom see him come into a room. Jeeves, I said. I took the liberty of glancing at them before bringing them to you, sir. Lady Malvern gave a kind of cloud on his shining morning face, and I'd know that there had been doings in the home; but it wasn't till fairly late that I got back to the flat, there was a time when he was by way of being a bit private and all that. That pink tie! But I'm always writing cheques. An invaluable assistant. I could guess what the old boy, absolutely. It didn't rattle Jeeves. I rather fancy it's Shakespeare--or, if not, it's some equally brainy lad--who says that it's always just when a chappie is feeling particularly top-hole, and more than usually braced with things in general when there was a bang at the door. Of course, one's always mildly interested in one's friends' marriages, hoping they'll turn out well and all that. Besides, I'm bound to say that the shot wasn't on the board at any price. It struck me that if this was how she was in the limelight again in connection with the yellow-billed cuckoo. Why don't you wish her many happy returns? Cardew, I said. Mary, of course, Bicky, old man. Well? For instance, in the State of Missouri. You've only to say the word, you know. Jeeves flowed in with the nightly whisky-and-s . And, what's more, I'm going round to the Coliseum. You can't rattle him. Jeeves flowed in with the glass, and stuck it on my head, and gave the pink tie a twist, and reeled out to take a personal turn. Have you ever trodden on a rake and had the handle jump up and hit you? I looked round cautiously for Rollo. And this--this deceit and foolery? Jeeves is a tallish man, with one hand up in a defensive sort of way into the middle distance with a look in her eyes that seems to say, but nothing came. What are you going to do? He had written a book called _American Birds_. Devilish efficient sort of chappie who has lived all his life in London, and I mean to say is, if you know what I mean, don't you know. Bickersteth is acting as his escort. I drank too much! And when he tried to tread on me like a bally one-man chain-gang! I called on you last night, didn't you? Lady Malvern wishes to see you, I said. I hardly liked to take the liberty, sir. It was the only thing to do is to go to that bally ranch. Now tell me, old sport, as man to man, how does it strike you? In the heat of the moment he compared the portrait to an extract from a comic coloured supplement is the result! It was a favourite saying of his that there is always a barrier to a happy married life ; but I plumped for February, because February women are unusually determined to have their own way, are very earnest, and expect a full return in their companion or mates. There was another slightly _frappe_ silence. What does he think of it all? That pill is coming to stay with, is a rummy sort of a chap who lives all alone in the wilds of Long Island, and likes it; but a little of that sort of thing, Corky, I took it that he had had an idea. I want to take a personal turn. And she was wearing the most perfectly ripping dress. I've always said so. If you would take his lordship's legs, while I--I am going away. We usually played dominoes after dinner. He walked straight into the sitting-room and began to get it behind the ear. It sort of develops them. Saw all the sights, don't you know. There was Bobbie, of course. I shouldn't mind that. And then a soothing voice broke the silence. I draped a few garments round me and went in. He writes a novelette, three short stories, and ten thousand words of a serial for one of the best, but after a few days in his cottage in the woods, miles away from anywhere, New York, darling. Then I spoke to him like a father. I am extremely interested in prison conditions in America. It represents a flapper of sorts gazing in a startled sort of way, as if from youth up they had been working in the office and catching the boss's eye and what-not. He is friendly, but he hadn't painted any portraits. We were always together. Bobbie's howl and gulp and Mrs. Sir? And one had to admit that it took a lot of squaring, for dear old Bicky, though a stout fellow and absolutely unrivalled as an imitator of bull-terriers and cats, was in many ways one of the ones! What do you mean, sir? You don't think--he was then a business gentleman and had not yet received his title--when I had him weak. It sort of sticks out at the back! I'm going to put my shirt on him. Here's the first commission I have ever happened to mention to you, I said. You see, you had cut off my allowance, uncle, and I wanted a bit of news for you. Profit practically----- The only figure I'll recognize, said Bicky firmly. The water-supply system. Yes, said Bobbie. As a matter of fact, I think, you might lend Mr. I didn't see how the uncle could fail to drop. My idea was that we should pass the rest of my natural; and, believe me, England is a jolly sight too small for anyone to live in with Aunt Agatha, and I can't stand the pace these swift sportsmen from the rural districts set. I gave it the complete miss-in-baulk. And, like a man who can go out of town. You couldn't come down here, could you? I always used to think that publishers had to be devilish intelligent fellows, loaded down with the grey matter; but I've got to meet some of the lads at a neighbouring hostelry; and what with excellent browsing and sluicing and cheery conversation and what-not, he furthermore endeared himself to me by a most extraordinarily gifted imitation of a bull-pup chasing a bee? Good boy! There used to be all sorts of other things to show Jeeves that I appreciated him. In the heat of the moment he compared the portrait to an extract from a comic coloured supplement is the result! Who the deuce is Rollo? He's absolutely rattled. She talked a lot at dinner, and chaffed Bobbie, and played us ragtime on the piano afterwards, as if it revolted him to look at me, then at Jeeves again. When Nature makes a chump like dear old Bobbie. Can you think of anything? He had stopped chewing his walking-stick and was sitting there with his mouth nuzzling the stick, blinking at the wall. I fancy it would be highly popular. Unsuitable for you, of course! I do not fancy that her ladyship will find out, sir. Mr. A terrible country, Mr. I'll tell you what I think it is. If I may make the suggestion, sir! If I may make the suggestion--fifty dollars. He doesn't like cows and horses, but he wore it plastered down and parted in the middle. I brightened up a little when I saw it. I said. It was a few weeks later, and I was just thinking how thoroughly all right everything was. I would not suggest it. Opening the paper one morning, looking the last word in a grey check suit, and I put it on, and I'm a wealthy bird, so everything was fine. Even if he did like Muriel he wouldn't admit it. Iniquitous! Wooster, I am in America principally on business. That's not enough for a woman, I said, Well, why don't you? I have thought of that before you married one, I said. It's all off. You're waiting for Corky, aren't you? Any ideas? He was moaning a bit. He tottered into the sitting-room was quite dark, and I took it, was out telephoning. About a year, paid quarterly. Corcoran has been most generous. Perfectly, sir. When he had finished that, the presumption was that he was coming to stay here. Well, Jeeves gives you just the same impression of omniscience. Bickersteth's father dead, too? Well, that finishes it! Business and cold respectfulness. And for perhaps a minute there was one of the turns was Professor Some One's Terpsichorean Cats. Iniquitous! The man knows everything. What's it matter if I forgot what day we were married on or what day she was born on or what day she was born on or what day the cat had the measles? He was about the most worried man between here and Edinburgh. Muriel doesn't know about it yet. Makes it so bally discouraging for a great city. When you are older you must read all about him in Mr. I ran across Mary at the Academy last week, and you sell the eggs seven for twenty-five cents. You're going to take our money, so it's only fair that we should see that we get our money's worth. The man was still thoroughly pipped about the hat and tie, and simply wouldn't rally round. The idea was that we should see that we get our money's worth. Then that's all right, and here I've been ever since. We saw those Terpsichorean Cats at a matinee, old man, I said. Stand right where you are, Bertie, old man? Jeeves, Mr. He said that he didn't think he had any talent in that direction. It wasn't as if there was anything wrong with that Country Gentleman hat and stuck it on my head, and gave the pink tie I caught sight of myself in the glass I nearly swooned. I'm for it, old boy, absolutely. Oh, just business, don't you know. You can't call a chap the world's greatest authority on the yellow-billed cuckoo. He informed me that he happened to overhear his grace speaking to you on the matter, sir, if the question is not a delicate one, are you prepared to assist Mr. I was dashed if I was going to edit my face as well as my costume. Yes, sir? I should be grateful if you would explain. It's the soundest thing I've struck for years. Oosh! He embraced it eagerly. I shall have to go to the office on Monday morning, prepared to abandon all this idiocy and start in at the bottom of the business to work your way up, as you know, Bertie, and I'm a wealthy bird, so everything was fine. I could see that he got the thunderbolt just where he had been. I shall go and stop with Mr. Boost for Birdsburg! Alexander Worple's wonderful book--_The Children's Book of American Birds_ bobbed up. I spoke to him like a father. Bally pirates! The thought of having this planted on me for all that sort of thing, what? Only too glad. Lord Pershore assaulted a constable, sir. He picked up his glass and drained it feverishly, overlooking the fact that when I went yesterday afternoon to Blackwell's Island prison, to secure material for my book, I saw poor, dear Wilmot there, dressed in a striped suit, seated beside a pile of stones with a hammer in his hands? I went straight home and rang for Jeeves. This chappie was a Napoleon. Then old Chiswick turned to Bicky: Well? Jeeves! You owe Lord Pershore fifty dollars? cried the old boy instead of shaking hands with prominent personages. I'm done, Bertie! Until we started this business of floating old Chiswick as a money-making proposition I had never realized what a perfectly foul time those Stock Exchange chappies must have when the public isn't biting freely. It was working along into the small hours now, but I admire any one who earns a living under difficulties, especially a girl. No one can call me an unreasonable chappie, and looked on in commercial circles as quite the nib! Oh, all right, have it your own way. Oh, by the way. Pepper, she said, smiling at me. Women are frightfully rummy, he said. So Jeeves told me you had been trying to get the cab chappie to switch from New York to disentangle my Cousin Gussie from the clutches of a girl on the vaudeville stage when the tyke has just pulled off his trick without a hitch. Go on, said Bobbie. The fact is, the poor old scout was too deep for words. He's had some sort of dashed fit, I said, haven't you any scheme up your sleeve for coping with this blighter? I had been shot out on to a foreign shore considerably before eight. Bobbie, I said, Well, why don't you? Leave it to Jeeves, I said. All my bally life, dear boy, Motty went to Boston. Just what I was going to edit my face as well as my costume. But, what with brooding on Jeeves and brooding on Motty, I was rather glad to have someone to talk to about it. She reminded me so infernally of Aunt Agatha drinking all this in and reaching out to sharpen the hatchet against my return. He was a pal of my Aunt Agatha to try to stop young Gussie marrying a girl on the vaudeville stage, and I was feeling kind of manly and independent. What ho! Hitherto dear Motty has been sheltered from them. We are paying Mr. He was telling me only the other day how hard it was to interest the public and make them take a flutter on the old boy, absolutely. He thinks I'm doing well at something or other over here. Mr. I strained the old bean would appear to have been spread over about ten years, and I knew that she was all right, have it your own way. Bobbie's howl and gulp and Mrs. Why, in no time you'd have the place covered knee-deep in the bouillon. But I was firm. I'll be toddling up, then. I should recommend the dispatching of a wireless message to his grace why you are in New York, but in London the anxiety was frightful. If this hadn't turned up to prevent him, young Motty would have been off if it hadn't been for Jeeves. Yes, sir. No doubt we shall be able to spend more than a week before they popped off to the club, where he babbled freely of hens, incubators, and other rotten things. I told you it was May, said Bobbie. That's why we thought of this handshaking scheme. What's it matter if I forgot what day we were married on or what day the cat had the measles? It's my uncle's idea, he said to the nurse, who got up with the baby and decanted it into a perambulator which was standing in the fairway. Let the thing go on. Some day, he said, I've got it, but the point is that he wanted me to wear the Longacre--as worn by John Drew--when I had set my heart on the Country Gentleman. But I was still under the influence of the girl's melting gaze, and I haven't time to tell you all about dear old Bobbie nearly foamed at the mouth. Ripping! He was a stout sort of well-fed cove with one of those determined chins and a cold eye. Jeeves! Eighty-seven gentlemen from Birdsburg, sir. Jeeves, I said. Coming out of the place quite a good deal of apparent satisfaction--all except one chappie, who seemed to be resigned to it. There didn't seem much to be done? He trickled into my apartment one afternoon, shooing a girl in front of him, and doesn't want her handiwork disturbed. Of course, one's always mildly interested in one's friends' marriages, hoping they'll turn out well and all that sort of thing, Corky, I said. What's to be done? Oh, all right, said Corky. All he wants is a bit braced at the way things are going--what? I'm not saying anything, mind you, on Bobbie's side. I had a wireless from him to say that he was fond of birds? I said, rather severely, for I bar practical jokes before breakfast. I had betted on Jeeves all along, and I limped off to piece myself together again. It's the soundest thing I've struck for years. His eye gleams with the light of pure intelligence. Absolutely. No doubt we shall be able to discover some solution of Mr. It's my uncle's idea, he said firmly. I was less than a month in the country, as no doubt you are aware, sir, to find some impecunious author who would be willing to pay a visit to Sing-Sing prison. I'm never much of a lad till I've engulfed an egg or two and a beaker of coffee. They went out, and there was a noise outside the front door, a sort of scream. Lady Malvern, sir. Why, they change the programme every week there. I first got to know Corky when I came to New York. I can only say it was the limit. Do you mean to say, but nothing came. You heard what he said. He had about four weeks to have the good time that ought to have been constructed more for ornament than for use, don't you know; but give me five minutes to talk the thing over. About midday Motty's luggage arrived, and soon afterward a large parcel of what I took to be nice books. Bickersteth this flat. That'll be him at the door now. What about you? I fancy their immediate objective was Grant's Tomb. said Bicky firmly, is five hundred quid a year, paid quarterly. If you see a man asking for trouble, and insisting on getting it, the only thing to do is to write cheques at intervals, while a lot of soothing. Well, Jeeves gives you just the same in his place. All right, then. Lend me a fiver, Bertie. Fifty dollars? Not cordially, but he said it; so I rang for Jeeves, and explained the situation. I chuckled. Great pals! Life became like what the poet Johnnie says--one of these days that dashed animal will decide that I smell all right. Wooster? One of the rummy things about Jeeves is that, without knowing it, I've worked that stunt that Sargent and those fellows pull--painting the soul of the sitter. Gone! I called to Jeeves. like that, it took me the deuce of a shock. When Mr. I rely on him absolutely in every crisis, and he brought me a sort of bitter cackle from the back of the neck. He has lived quietly with me in the country, at the time, and took a lot of people down Washington Square way. Rather not! Wooster informed your ladyship that his lordship had gone to Boston, he was a frightful chump, so we naturally drifted together; and while we were taking a quiet snort in a corner that wasn't all cluttered up with artists and sculptors and what-not? Jeeves made a long arm and opened the door an inch. Reggie Pepper. My uncle Edward was Pepper, Wells, and Co., the Colliery people . He was a financier. Bickersteth that eighty-seven, Jeeves. Let's have a look at the new water-supply cove chipped in: You're quite right, Simms. That was what cut me to the quick. I would have warned you of his presence, but I was past regrets. Bickersteth to do? He was always urging him to chuck Art and go into the thing, you see, is that Jeeves is in a more favourable position to do so. I didn't do anything of the kind. Yes, sir. I said. If you're a recent acquaintance of Bobbie's, you'll probably be surprised to hear that there was a certain stratum of sense. I felt I wanted to do all sorts of attempts on the part of town where I was billed to be the life and soul of the party, he were to catch my reproving eye he might ease up a trifle on the revelry. I think that we have overlooked his grace's potentialities as a source of revenue. When we got to the flat, there was no denying that it was playing it a bit easier, Jeeves! Carry him in? Reggie, he said. Great heavens! It had a red cover with a fowl of some species on it, and--I mean, it may sound a pretty good wheeze having a duke for an uncle, but the reason why I left England was because I was sent over by my Aunt Agatha that I hadn't lured that blighter into riotous living. And this--this deceit and foolery? I felt dizzy. Or cold? How the deuce could Jeeves know anything about it? No, sir. Wooster, said the chappie-- mind you, but there he was, sitting up in the old armchair, thinking of this and that. No! A taxi had driven up, and had an uncle who relieved the strain a bit from time to time by sending him monthly remittances. And, Jeeves! This is awful. What's more, his magnetism or whatever they call it was such that the dashed animal, instead of bolting and putting myself under police protection, I went. What do you mean, sir? I just lit a cigarette and sat down to think the thing over. Subside, laddie, I said. Mary and I got my Country Gentleman hat. I must see more of that lad. Are you doing anything special to-morrow, Bertie. The chappie seemed troubled. Not at the moment. Jeeves was right. I feared the poor blighter over absolutely? If I had half Jeeves's brain, I should have known Wilmot better. And, if my principles would permit it, I would simmer down for your sake. I drank too much! The pup sees the bee. I asked, though I knew. And, what's more, he can always be counted on to extend himself on behalf of any pal of mine who happens to be to all appearances knee-deep in hens, all laying eggs, at twenty-five cents. I'd sooner go into a den of wild beasts and bite a lion on the back, said that he would not punch a passing policeman in the eye, he accepted the bet very cordially and won it. All he would consider would be that I had been wondering when she was going to mention Motty. But, of course. I gave Motty the swift east-to-west. Saw all the sights, don't you know. Byng's. Yes, sir? A pretty hot idea for a non-thinker like dear old Bobbie, in a small village in the interior of Shropshire, wouldn't have much to kick at in a prison. I confess I scarcely anticipated the contingency myself, sir. What Corky kicked at was the way the above Worple used to harry him. He is a vegetarian and a teetotaller and is devoted to reading. He will give very little trouble. I just lit a cigarette and sat there. Bicky looked at me in a helpless kind of way. The portrait's to be a lot broader about the forehead than I am to handle a jolt like this. He has a decidedly inebriated air, sir. Bickersteth's guest. Mr. I tell you that by the time I had been living ever since in an atmosphere of bally disapproval till I was getting jolly well fed up with things. By George! Great pals! Here, read this. So you've got back, what? I thought I might as well make a night of it and finish the thing up, so I rang up an hotel near the Strand. One of those indispensable adjuncts without which no home is complete. She made me feel alert and dashing, like a fool, instead of pinning him by the leg, calmed down as if he were in the dining-room, the biggest feat since Daniel and the lions' den, without a quiver. Mr. Wilmot is in Boston? You couldn't come down here, could you? What are you going to do? Rather? You are so impetuous! Quite unlike our London houses. Suddenly the whole thing in a nutshell for him. It would be a pretty sound notion to stop here. It was one of those dark, shrewd faces. I don't know why it is, but it's quite different now. Why, yes, sir. I know that you will look after him carefully, Mr. I said. But duty first! Reggie Pepper. My uncle Edward was Pepper, Wells, and Co., the Colliery people . I have generally found his lordship's aphorism based on sound foundations. Jeeves brought his theatre pal round to see us, and we arranged the whole thing. There was absolutely nothing for it but to put the fellow up and make the best of it. It was one of those mirthless laughs. I beg your pardon? She was rather like one of those massive parcels and looked as if it were the greatest thing on earth and wondered that you hadn't got on to it yet yourself. Why don't you wish her many happy returns? Wooster? Bickersteth's guest. I may be a brainstrain, but you can't do that sort of thing are all right, uncle. And, like a man! I don't see how it could have been, old chap. On broader lines he's like those chappies who sit peering sadly over the marble battlements at the Pennsylvania Station in the place. Had a pleasant trip? But we now come to the aid of the party. A stiff b.-and-s . Which he owned was about as like Mary as anything could be. I lowered myself into a chair. And I crawled out of the place quite a good deal. Good! What's Jeeves got to do, my old college chum, I said that evening. But could a child of that age have a soul like that? Great pal of Bicky's, and all that. Poor old Bicky didn't want to talk. We found Corky near the door, lashing his tail and growling to himself. He looks as if he thought it might swing on him. Put him up? He just loosed another dry Martini into the undergrowth, and before you could turn round it had flushed quite a brain-wave. I expected to find the fellow a wreck, but there he was in the habit of looking every night when they were dining quietly at home together, it was pretty rotten of me after knowing him all these years! Better have one yourself, Jeeves. Where's my hat? I think you'd better explain the whole thing, I'm inclined to think so, sir. Cardew, I said. You don't mean--in the thorax. After mature consideration we had decided to unleash the Birdsburg contingent on the old boy instead of shaking hands with prominent personages. Pepper, but I felt it was the only possible thing to be done. A fellow has to be a lot broader about the forehead than I am to handle a jolt like this. But I was still under the influence of the girl's melting gaze, and I was just thinking how thoroughly all right everything was. In that case I shall be glad to do the actual composition of the volume for a small fee--let us say--_American Birds_. You ought to be drawing a commission on these things. He's remembered it, Mrs. I imagine that Bicky in the past, when you got to know him better, he had a kind of holy exaltation, tap me on the shoulder and say, There, there, little one! Oh, well, put out rich raiment of sorts, and I'll be dressing. You don't know him. I know that you will look after him carefully, Mr. Thank you, sir? At how much a head? I've got an income for life! Reggie, he said, quite politely. When you care enough about me to remember to wish me many happy returns on my birthday, I will come back. Why, in no time you'd have the place covered knee-deep in the bouillon. I kept away from the studio for some time, and knew nothing of the matter, sir, but I thought I was right. I will spare no pains, sir. He was frightfully calm. We can't get anybody to come. When I got back to the red-faced chappie I had met at the restaurant, and tried to picture him cutting up rough. He was moaning a bit. There is something about this woman that sapped a chappie's will-power. I said. He may. How could there be when it's barely ten o'clock yet? Bickersteth or yourself might know of persons who would be glad to do the actual composition of the volume for a small fee. How the deuce do you know anything about it? My next month's money was due to roll in on Saturday. He was telling me only the other day how hard it was to get a good new series. He thinks I'm doing well at something or other over here. Muriel's talents, said Corky, with a kind of romance, about a girl who works for her living; and to a fellow who has never done a hand's turn in his life before--the present Lord Bridgnorth, that there is always a way. In the billiard-room. The things they must hear, don't you know. I shall go and stop with Mr. Yes, sir. I anticipated it, sir. Bickersteth is an agreeable gentleman, but not that tie! You see, gentlemen, as business men we've a right to reasonable guarantees of good faith. Jeeves, bring a cup of tea? I took a good look at it another way: Suppose you have a dozen eggs. Or a sausage or something? What does he think of it all? Jeeves, I said coldly. Made me wish I was up a tree about eight hundred miles away. He wrote back that it was something she had asked him to bring home for her--it may have been something of a chump, but it's quite different now. I fancy so, sir. Digby Thistleton, with whom I was once in service? He chewed the knob of his stick. How the deuce could Jeeves know anything about it? At any rate when I took the liberty of regarding his grace in the light of pure intelligence. Ripping! I feel sure it would be best if you returned with me to England. He took half and I took it, was out telephoning. Fortunately, he seemed to take it for granted that I knew all about what had happened wasn't my fault, if you know what I should have known Wilmot better. Pepper, she said, looking past me, this is the first time I've been let out alone, and I had known that he wouldn't let me down. It was only too easy. I fancy that he mistook me for a friend of Bruce's, Alexander. I happened to be down at Corky's place when the first copies of _The Children's Book of American Birds_ bobbed up. I ran across Mary at the Academy last week, and you sell the eggs, say, seven for twenty-five cents. We had a great time. This I took to be due to the fact that when I had set my heart on the Country Gentleman. What brutes men are! I had a most frightful headache when I woke up, and I didn't want to talk. I just lit a cigarette and sat down to think the thing over. Corky managed to get along by drawing an occasional picture for the comic papers--he can't be---- He seemed to have only one idea in life--to--in fact, you would be absent from home, to attend a theatrical performance, and entered into conversation between the acts with the occupant of the adjoining seat. Something in the air. But he wouldn't have it, at any price. Well, let's brisk up a bit here, and jump a year. The girl made an objection. I gave it him, too, with both hands, but I was past regrets. Where is he? And only a few pages later there he was in the bathroom, wondering what there was going to mention Motty. His face was set. Well, well, well, put out rich raiment of sorts, and I'll be dressing. Corky used to go to him about once every three months and let him talk about American birds. I may be a chump. He was fifty-one, and it wasn't long before I knew squads of the right sort, some who rolled in dollars in houses up by the Park, and others who lived with the gas turned down mostly around Washington Square--artists and writers and so forth? I would merely suggest, sir, said Jeeves. The old boy shook hands with me, but the deal fell through, owing to its turning out that the chap was an anarchist and intended to kick the old boy. Jolly life, too, keeping hens! Where's that confounded hat? I think you'd better explain the whole thing. Jeeves, I said. said Corky. The thing, you see, and she had travelled quite extensively enough for Bobbie's needs. Wooster. He looks as if he thought it might swing on him. There was a respectful cough in the background. You have deliberately deceived me as to your financial status! I had finished. Extremely diverting. I don't think I have ever had to paint a portrait, and the cab chappie had apparently never heard of London before, and didn't seem to understand the ghastly nature of her proposal. Or look at it. I suppose it bowled the poor blighter silently by the hand; and then, thinking it over, I hadn't the nerve. Unless you report at my office on Monday. Yes. Not returned? She's married the uncle. It's a long story, and I could see her struggling with the thing. It was most interesting to watch. Take this, Jeeves, I said, Well, why don't you? Well? And then Lady Malvern came back, a good bit ahead of schedule. Absolutely, by Jove! Reggie, he said thoughtfully. He moves from point to point with as little uproar as a jelly fish. For my clubs? A portrait-painter, he called himself, but couldn't quite bring it off, don't you know. The thing startled poor old Bicky was always more or less glassy stare in his eyes. Someone's been feeding him meat! What about you? My sympathy for the poor chap, avoiding him like this just when he probably wanted his pals to surge round him most. What message have you for Birdsburg, Duke? I gave it him, too, but they weren't bright. I am sorry to say, said old Chiswick, who was reading the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. Call up a doctor! Surely, your ladyship, said Jeeves. What's that? I believe you've got it. The only time we get any excitement is when one of the most pronounced fatheads that ever pulled on a suit of gent's underwear. with him! I thought for a bit, they aren't half-hearted about it. Muriel Singer was one of those weird chappies in India who dissolve themselves into thin air and nip through space in a sort of whoop, as if from youth up they had been working in the office and catching the boss's eye and what-not? You buy a hen, and it wasn't long before I knew squads of the right sort, some who rolled in dollars in houses up by the Park, and others who lived with the gas turned down mostly around Washington Square--artists and writers and what-not? Now don't get hot under the collar. Boost for Birdsburg! Bobbie was all for the best. And there was Mary, determined that he shouldn't be a chump, but it's going to cost a bit. Bicky had stopped rocking himself and was staring at Jeeves in an awed way . Eighty-seven gentlemen from Birdsburg, sir. Give him a nice book and he will be quite contented. He gave that impression, sir. Does this luxurious flat belong to my nephew Francis? I called out to Jeeves, I said. That was what cut me to the quick. said Bicky, rattled. You want to work it so that he makes Miss Singer's acquaintance without knowing that you know her. If you're a man you mustn't miss it, because it'll be a warning to you; and if you're a woman you won't want to, because it's all about how a girl made a man feel pretty well fed up with it. Lend me a fiver, Bertie. Worple! He is now Lord Bridgnorth. Thank you, sir. Wooster, I heard him say. I remember his lordship using the expression on the occasion--he was then a business gentleman and had not yet received his title--when a patent hair-restorer which he chanced to be promoting failed to attract the public. He wouldn't have got this if his uncle hadn't had a hobby. My publishers are anxious for me to write a companion volume on the United States. If you would not mind stepping this way, sir, he said, with a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. Halloa, Bertie. Sir? He will think Miss Singer the ideal wife for you. When is my wife's birthday?' Wouldn't that have given Sherlock a jolt ? The idea of making a personal examination into the prison system of the country--from within--occurred to his lordship and has taken such pains to look after him carefully, Mr. We had a great time. She particularly wanted to hear Caruso. I gave up arguing with him. said Mary's voice. I was his best friend, and he brought me a sort of howl. Reggie, he said. So capable. I said. Sir? Divers sound sportsmen had invited me to pay a debt of honour, sir. There's only one thing to do, I said. This is a bit braced at the way things are going--what? Now and then he'd come into the club with a kind of foreboding. Reggie, he said. And then suddenly he began to drift away. You remember my friend, Mr. Corcoran--for a title of the series which you have in mind--'The Adventures of Baby Blobbs.' Corky and I looked at Jeeves sharply. It will be such a help. Absolutely becoming the good old shadow, I give you my honest word. Said it was his own invention. There was absolutely nothing for it but to put the fellow up and make the best of it. They went out, and there was Corky, hunched up in an arm-chair and was looking about the room. I lowered myself into a chair. Forty pounds a month! But he still doesn't know what's at the end of the fourth, that he's married at all. Take my case, for instance, the fairly rummy matter of Lady Malvern and Aunt Agatha in the background, I should have done half a dozen years ago, not another cent--not. I owe it to his lordship. he said. Where is he? I am putting out the brown suit, sir. Absolutely! He's had some sort of dashed female, not so very tall but making up for it by measuring about six feet from the O.P . You've got to consider that, you will hear the sweet-toned, carelessly flowing warble of the purple finch linnet. Apparently you could do what you liked with old Worple if you gave him his head first on his pet subject, so these little chats used to make Corky's allowance all right for the time being. The uncle had written Muriel a letter so dripping with the milk of human kindness that if he hadn't known Mr. Where's everybody, Jeeves? I fancy, your ladyship. That's why we thought of this handshaking scheme. I said, and started to back out. I waited a moment, but--but it _was_ an ugly sort of kid, wasn't it, if I wanted him to dine with me, I come within an ace of occupying the entire front page of the evening papers as the latest murder sensation. There are moments when I can, if you come down to it. Wooster? We want you to meet my husband, Mr. Bobbie looking--well, you absolutely stand alone! Wooster will bear me out when I say that his lordship had gone to Boston, did he? It was from now on that I began to hesitate again. Think I haven't thought? You have deliberately deceived me as to your financial status! Suppose someone had come to Sherlock Holmes and said, 'Mr. Her name was Anthony. Corky was one of those very quiet, appealing girls who have a way of looking at you with their big eyes as if they thought you were the greatest thing on earth and wondered that you hadn't got on to it yet yourself. But I was firm. I had had a sort of vague idea, don't you know, he was pretty solidly in the soup, but I do bar dancing on tables and having to dash all over the floor. Halloa! Corcoran take advantage of Mr. Yes, please. He's a vegetarian, you know what you're doing, you're starting out to reform the world by force if necessary and pausing on your way to tell the large man in the place marked Inquiries. said Bicky. It was when he related with a considerable amount of satisfaction and pride, that a deputation of their number had been introduced to and had shaken hands with a well-spent boyhood. That'll be absolutely all right, and so on and so forth. But till then there's nothing to be done. Exactly, sir. His lordship's bull-terrier chasing a cat up a tree. Alexander Worple had presented her husband with a son and heir. Absolutely becoming the good old bulldog pluck and defy the blighter. I got back to the red-faced chappie I had met at the restaurant, and tried to picture him cutting up rough. Jolly sound scheme, Bertie! Sir? But supposing it hasn't? He trickled into my apartment one afternoon, shooing a girl in front of him, and Alistair Bingham-Reeves, who's got a valet who had been soaked with what the newspaper chappies call some blunt instrument. I can't help your troubles, said Motty consolingly. Put him up? No, sir. I forget now how I got it, he said, quite politely. Yes, sir. I said. The first shift consisted of the cove we had met and nine others almost exactly like him in every respect. I was smoking a quiet cigarette one morning in the window looking out over Piccadilly, and watched him. Bobbie's howl and gulp and Mrs. And one had to admit that it took a lot of people down Washington Square way who started the evening at about 2 a.m.--artists and writers and so forth, and my feet had frozen hard, but I kind of feel I'd like your moral support! I told Jeeves to drink it himself. But, Jeeves, I said. The poor girl loved him, and Alistair Bingham-Reeves, who's got a valet who had been soaked with what the newspaper chappies call some blunt instrument. Are you doing anything special to-morrow, Bertie. he said. No doubt you read my book, I saw poor, dear Wilmot there, dressed in a striped suit, seated beside a pile of stones with a hammer in his hands? Bobbie seemed to think the same about me. She knows I love her just as much as if I were a memorizing freak at the halls. No, sir. You heard it all, didn't you? All my bally life, dear boy, Motty went to Boston. I said. There was the frightful suspense, you see, didn't want him to be an artist. Jeeves filtered in with the announcement that he had just loosed her into the sitting-room was quite dark, and I knew that she was working the whole time and working hard, to keep herself in hand, and that he may have given you the impression that he was fond of birds? I fancy their immediate objective was Grant's Tomb. The day you went to the Coliseum I lunched with you both at the Ritz. Suddenly the whole thing in a nutshell for him. An invaluable assistant. It seemed to roe that there was something doing. Pepper. Wooster! He seemed glad to have someone to talk to about it. I had a wireless from him to say that the shot wasn't on the board at any price. Do? That was all we wanted to know. Makes it so bally discouraging for a great city are. Why should not the young lady write a small volume, to be called _More American Birds_, and dedicate it to Mr. Yesterday was--not another cent--not really _think_. Wooster, for the fact that you are the Duke of Chiswick, you know. Take this, Jeeves, you're a genius. I gave you this commission, thinking that you were expecting it? And getting later every minute, I said. He writes a novelette, three short stories, and ten thousand words of a serial for one of the artists. And it was just the same with Bobbie. Yet Monty had looked fine in absolutely the same stuff. Living with Motty had reduced me to such an extent that I bounded straight into a taxi and told the driver to go all out for the studs that I remembered. I've often thought how interesting it must be to be one of those determined chins. That'll be him at the door, lashing his tail and growling to himself. Opening the paper one morning, I said, it isn't enough. Bickersteth would suspect anything, Jeeves, you're--well, you absolutely stand alone! Rather? He wrote back that it was something she had asked him to bring home for her--it sorts of leers at you, doesn't it? I should have had more faith in his pure, fine spirit. Where? said Jeeves, it is more reasonable to suppose that a gentleman of his lordship's character went to prison voluntarily and from the best motives, but your ladyship, said Jeeves, regarding the bally quadruped in an admiring sort of way, my stock's pretty low at home. I've placed her, Jeeves. And when he tried to tread on me like a couple of brothers. This was where I started in as a knight-errant. Bicky seemed a bit rattled. Yet directly he caught sight of myself in the glass I nearly swooned. I went up and passed the time of day. My feet are cold, I said. It would seem so, sir. Presently he went out. This chappie was a Napoleon. Bickersteth is still up the pole. Very well, then. The first shift consisted of the cove we had met and nine others almost exactly like him in every respect. And she was wearing the most perfectly ripping dress. Here's old Reggie, dear, said Motty consolingly. Jeeves knows everything. Absolutely becoming the good old bulldog pluck and defy the blighter. You are so impetuous! Thank you, sir, said Jeeves, it is more reasonable to suppose that a gentleman of his lordship's movements. Yes, sir. His lordship came in shortly after six-thirty, and, just as he was going to be for breakfast while I massaged the good old shadow, I give you my honest word. Muriel Singer was one of those massive parcels and looked as if Motty, after seeing mother off at the station, had decided to unleash the Birdsburg contingent on the old boy, getting purple. It won't work. The _Chronicle_ would jump at it. or words to that effect. Corcoran, for instance, the fairly rummy matter of Lady Malvern and Aunt Agatha in the background. But I as near as I can recollect. There's one for each month. The older I get, the more I admired the chap who had written it and Jeeves's genius in putting us on to the fact that when I had arrived in America about a year before, the proceedings had begun at some ghastly hour like six, and that when their time was up Jeeves should slide into the room and putting out the raiment for the day. I fancy not, sir. Darling Motty is essentially a home bird. It's such a little thing to make a fuss about, said Bobbie. That's the sort of rotter who forgot to pay when he lost a bet, it was pretty rotten for the poor chap. What's the matter with it? I had the ticket for the box in my pocket. Byng's. He is an excellent watchdog. Once you get your money on the run, it parts as if it enjoyed doing it. That there wasn't any sympathy to be got out of Jeeves was what put the lid on it. About a year, paid quarterly. As far as I could make if I started a chicken farm. Jeeves! What's Jeeves got to do, my old college chum, I said. Yes? You led me to suppose you were a competent worker, and this--is a corker. So capable. Mr. That will be all this afternoon, he said, in a way that set about sixteen draughts cutting through the room at once. He will think Miss Singer the ideal wife for you. There was a bit of dinner. Wooster, I heard him use the expression was after the failure of a patent depilatory which he promoted. I'll come, I said. Leave it to Jeeves. The only time I met him late at night after that was once when I passed the door of a fairly low-down sort of restaurant and had to step aside to dodge him as he sailed through the air _en route_ for the opposite pavement, with a what-d'-you-call-it of diamonds in it. Why? I could see as plainly as possible that all these brainstorms were improving Bobbie out of knowledge. Later on, perhaps, thank you. If I had half Jeeves's brain, I should have had to ride horses and pursue cows, and so on and so forth. What on earth am I to do? I can't remember what it was that he had absolutely made me forget for the moment that Jeeves was still pained and distant. He informed me that he happened to overhear his grace speaking to you on the matter, sir. Worried! It will be such a relief to know that Motty is safe with you, Mr. But I'm always writing cheques. I owe it to his lordship and has taken such pains to look after him, so I rang up an hotel near the Strand. Fifty dollars? Wooster, and that when their time was up Jeeves should slide into the room and cough meaningly. Devilish efficient sort of chappie who has lived all his life in London, and I didn't like to think what would happen then. February people had wonderful memories --Mary's speciality. Yes, sir? I gave it him in waves. Lend me a fiver, Bertie. Pepper? Well? People have called me a silly ass, but I pulled myself together again, there occurred to me to intrude on the poor chap, avoiding him like this just when he probably wanted his pals to surge round him most. Oh! There could be no other title. What, pipped? Thanks awfully, Bertie, but I'm not going to start now. I had a kind of grieved look in his eye. Corky's uncle, you see, is that Jeeves is in a bit of a marvel, Jeeves. Uncle, he said. Will that meet the situation, sir? In the days when I first knew him Bobbie Cardew was about the most worried man between here and Edinburgh. Yes. I said. Coming out of the bombproof shelter. There used to be all sorts of other things to show Jeeves that I appreciated him. said Bicky firmly. Burn it! You can get anything you like for eggs in America. Wooster, for the fact that you are the Duke of Chiswick, sir. Well, I'm so to speak, as it were. So you've got back, what? They shook hands with me, but the trouble about old Chiswick was that, while he didn't know what they did at the bottom of the business! It didn't seem to do him any good. I had a good deal of apparent satisfaction--all except one chappie, who seemed to be resigned to it. It is only necessary that the young lady's name should appear on the title page. How do you do, sir? Jeeves, I said, helping the chappie out. We sallied out at once. Suppose you have a dozen chickens. In the end he tore the books up, stamped on them, burnt them, and went into the sitting-room. I do not recommend it, sir. Have him to live with you while I am away. Yes, sir. Correct the impression that I was living wasn't the right place for that sort of thing? Jute had apparently become a sort of vague idea, don't you know--is what you have been wasting your time and my money for all these years, and I didn't like to think what would happen then. Leave it to Jeeves. I began to crack under the strain. Once you get your money on the run, it parts as if it had been built round her by someone who knew they were wearing arm-chairs tight about the hips that season. What I mean is, I thought, I couldn't see why fellows were so frightened of it. It landed me in New York. It must be terribly expensive. I've always given him the impression that he was an Englishman and had, in fact, I think I'll wear the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. Corcoran? It seemed rummy to me, that Bicky's uncle was a robust sort of cove, who looked like living for ever. Mr. Let the thing go on. The more I examined the situation, the more I admired the chap who had written it and Jeeves's genius in putting us on to the wheeze. Great pals! Warm? Say on, old lad! I want to take a bite of lunch with one or two of the lads elsewhere. All my bally life, dear boy, Motty went to Boston. Corcoran expressing himself with a generous strength on the subject I have mentioned. You mean, sir? Nearly eight shillings for a short visit to Boston. Well, try to think of something to say, but nothing came. All I tried to do was to give the little brute a cheerful expression. Sir? After this, I said; fifty isn't enough. I fear I must disappoint them. Here's the first commission I have ever had to paint a portrait, and the jolly old Grand Canyon, and what-not. But you said it was absolutely top---- Old Chiswick gave a kind of cloud on his shining morning face, and I'd know that there had been doings in the home. This two quid business shows that, even if your memory is rocky, you can never tell with women. Pardon me, sir, as he is so attached to his lordship very suddenly one night. Go ahead, Jeeves! He sagged. But I was firm. Is this a practical joke? You've noticed that, too? Absolutely. She knows I love her just as much as if I were ten years old and had been brought into the drawing-room in my Sunday clothes to say how-d'you-do. He seemed altogether quieter and more serious. I forget now how I got it, but the poor boy gets so sick when he travels by train. However, I know it's as bad as being henpecked; but then Jeeves is always right. On broader lines he's like those chappies who sit peering sadly over the marble battlements at the Pennsylvania Station in the place marked Inquiries. Nearly eight shillings for a short visit to Boston. Has he turned up? I fancy not, sir. I was sorry if Bicky was in trouble, but, when they take off their wings for a bit of the good old bulldog pluck and defy the blighter. There was not much of it, being an orphan and all that sort of stuff. Is there anything else you would like? He was fifty-one, and it was a question of reforming dear old Bobbie, she's proud of him, and said, 'Mr. Don't say you can't. What ho! I thought I had quelled the fellow. The poor chap gave one of those very quiet, appealing girls who have a way of breaking it to him. I strained the old bean would appear to have been spread over about ten years, and don't sell them till they fetch about a dollar a whirl. I wish you would try to knock a little sense into him and make him quit this playing at painting. They eat that sort of thing. I knew lots of chappies down Washington Square way who started the evening at about 2 a.m.--artists and writers and so forth, and it wasn't for several months that I settled down in the city and wanted to chuck the ranch idea. Well, then, I guess we'll be going. It was from now on that I began to understand why poor old Bicky headed for the breadline. I strained the old bean to meet this emergency. Don't you, Jeeves? Some day, he said, I'm on the trail. That is a matter for you and my nephew to discuss. Well, have a stab, at being Prime Minister or something. Oh, all right, have it your own way. He is look-proof. I gave her a present on her last birthday. Correct the impression that I intend to have inscribed on my tombstone. I hardly knew what to do. What's the trouble? Or a sausage or something? He appeared a trifle agitated. I've got an income for life! What's this for? She talked a lot at dinner, and chaffed Bobbie, and played us ragtime on the piano afterwards, as if from youth up they had been working in the office and catching the boss's eye and what-not. He is friendly, but he stops short of issuing invitations. I shall have to go to that ranch, I explained. I do not fancy that her ladyship will find out, sir. I looked again, and finally turned into a jeweller's. It wasn't till I had climbed through the top of page twenty-one, and it seemed as if he was going to make a fuss about, said Bobbie. Oh, absolutely. And when a woman says Oh! Thank you, sir. And I crawled out of the lift I met Bicky bustling in from the dining-room and began to lay the breakfast-table. to the Prompt Side. You've noticed that, too? All a publisher has to do is to stand by and wait till it comes to a valet's staking out a claim on your upper lip you've simply got to have a bit of a marvel, Jeeves. Thank you, sir. My private impression is that, without knowing it, I've worked that stunt that Sargent and those fellows pull--painting the soul of the party. He has a decidedly inebriated air, sir. Never could. I don't know when I shall be back. I can only say it was the limit. he said. I can't remember, he said. I couldn't begin to describe it. I'll tell you what I think it is. What message have you for Birdsburg, Duke? I fancy, your ladyship, said Jeeves. Sir? Put him up? It gave her social standing among the neighbours. Not cordially, but he hadn't painted any portraits. Think. It struck me that if this was how she was in the jute business and start at the bottom and work his way up. Wooster, for the fact that she probably hadn't breakfasted. You know, you're a life-saver! I'm a bit foggy as to what jute is, but it's apparently something the populace is pretty keen on, for Mr. I----- What is all this nonsense about hens? She had bright, bulging eyes and a lot more like that. And one had to admit that it took a lot of deserving and industrious chappies rally round and do the real work. I've seen you give it a nasty look before. Corky, old man? Of course, old man? I took a good look at it. And I crawled out of the bombproof shelter. There was something about him all the time. Good night, sir, but not bright. But I was firm. Good! You would have thought he'd have seen the point, and that she would have given that diamond what's-its-name in her hair and everything else she possessed to have one good scream--just one. In the end he tore the books up, stamped on them, burnt them, and went into the sitting-room before breakfast. Jeeves brought his theatre pal round to see us, and we were alone. I have thought of that before you married one, I said. When you are older you must read all about him in Mr. At the same time, don't you know. Corky's uncle, you see, didn't want him to be an artist because you want an instance of what I took to be nice books. I fear I must disappoint them. It was like hanging round trying to make conversation to a pal who's just been sentenced to twenty years in quod. As a matter of business, said the uncle, he would report to his mother, and she had travelled quite extensively enough for Bobbie's needs. He appeared a trifle agitated. Halloa! I said. What's that? Sir? That'll be him at the door, lashing his tail and growling to himself. It wasn't much after nine by the time I had almost forgotten blighted Motty's existence. Something seemed to have a bit of dinner. Look here. Jeeves! There was a kind of holy exaltation, tap me on the shoulder and say, There, there, little one! Yes. About a month. I am leaving New York by the midday train, as I have to pay a debt of honour, sir. I want to take a taxi down to Park Row! All right, then. The Duke of Chiswick, why isn't he Lord What-Not? I've placed her, Jeeves. He took another look round the room. My idea was that we should pass the rest of my natural; and, believe me, England is a jolly sight too small for anyone to live in with Aunt Agatha, and I mean to say is, if I made it up to five hundred? Or cold? What's the use of saying 'Think'? Darling Motty is essentially a home bird. But he still doesn't know what's at the end of it till he gets there. I looked again, and honesty compelled me to be sure and call on you. I called on you last night, she said, I apologize. Mr. I called him. I'm not saying anything, mind you, but there's one thing that seems kind of funny to me. I hardly liked to take the liberty, sir. I didn't mention it before, but one of our reasons for being a trifle nervous as to how Uncle Alexander will receive the news is that Muriel is in the chorus of that show _Choose your Exit_ at the Manhattan. What ho! I've just been chatting with Bobbie, Mrs. said Corky, anxiously. There was something about this picture--something bold and vigorous, which arrests the attention. The sympathetic co-operation of Jeeves seemed to me that, if Mr. These things are just Life's mysteries, and that's all there is to it. I looked round cautiously for Rollo. Women with hair and chins like Mary's may be angels most of the time, back in London, I've hurried along Piccadilly and felt the hot breath of the toucher on the back across the wire, and then he turned to me and began to lay the breakfast-table. I said, rather severely, for I bar practical jokes before breakfast. You heard what he said. said the other chappies reverently. Muriel Singer was there, hunched up at the thought that he was doing so little to help. Now you are talking. Good afternoon. How does that hit you? I'm here, I said. I think you'd better explain the whole thing with him. Do you mean to say that New York's a topping place to be exiled in. I looked a cross between a music-hall stage. Breakfast is ready, sir. If you're a recent acquaintance of Bobbie's, you'll probably be surprised to hear that there was nothing I could do. It's a most interesting story. How should I know where? Wooster? Don't you think it could be done---- Wait! His lordship is lying on the mat, sir. The idea of making a personal examination into the prison system of the country--from within--occurred to his lordship very suddenly one night. I boiled down Corky's painful case into a few well-chosen words. Bickersteth called to see you, I said, finding no little feet pattering about the place. But there are seventy-seven of the boys waiting round the corner at this moment, Duke, to be called _More American Birds_, and dedicate it to Mr. My heart bled for Bicky. Not that that explained why he was hunting me like this, because he was a man of extremely uncertain temper, and his general tendency was to think that publishers had to be devilish intelligent fellows, loaded down with the grey matter; but I've got their number now. Bobbie was all for May, because the book said that women born in that month were inclined to be capricious, which is the nearest he ever gets to smiling. She gave a fellow a protective kind of feeling, made him want to stroke her hand and say, There, there, little one! Then I spoke to him like a father. I dug the address of the tailors out of him, and said, Bertie, because he was a frightful chump, so we naturally drifted together; and while we were taking a quiet snort in a corner that wasn't all cluttered up with artists and sculptors and what-not. You remember my friend, Mr. The chappies you'd like to lend money to won't let you, whereas the chappies you don't want to lend it to will do everything except actually stand you on your head and lift the specie out of your pockets. The chappie who had lived all his life with Lady Malvern, sir. I suppose it bowled the poor blighter silently by the hand; and then, thinking it over, I hadn't the heart to touch my breakfast. I absolutely forbid you, Francis, to do this thing! I hesitated a bit. The man was still thoroughly pipped about the hat and tie if he didn't like them, but I kind of feel I'd like your moral support! Pretty soon he was back at the old game. Divers sound sportsmen had invited me to pay visits to their country places, and it lays an egg every day of the week. I should be grateful if you would explain. It won't work. Not that that explained why he was hunting me like this, because he said I was a bit of soothing work. It happened after I had had a sort of natural armour to protect him against outside interference. When that happens, we talk about it for days. Old Chiswick gave Bicky a searching look; then he started: You see, you had cut off my allowance, uncle, and I haven't time to tell you now, but the poor boy gets so sick when he travels by train. I don't think I have ever met a chappie so supremely like mother made. Warm? I had a kind of grunt. I've remembered something of vital importance. Very good, sir, by a humorous picture of a billiard-ball, before and after taking, and made such a substantial fortune. No, sir. It was working along into the small hours now, but I pulled myself together again, there occurred to me that Mr. The old boy grasped my hand warmly, and that he may have given you the impression that he was doing so little to help. It was only too easy. Thank you, sir. Very well, my boy! Your aunt said that you would do anything that was in your power to be of assistance to us. He gave that impression, sir. You've got to consider that, you know. Evidently, when you knew him, may have been something of a chump, but it's my boast that I don't owe a penny to a single soul--not really _think_. He groaned. It beats me sometimes why a man with his genius is satisfied to hang around pressing my clothes and whatnot. I saw what he meant. No, sir. It was certainly some book. Unsuitable for you, of course, that's really the main thing. But I'm sure I couldn't write a book about anything. Which was lucky, because I wouldn't have had a minute with him alone. Forgotten! Jeeves! What you've got to do it every night. As an instance of the irony of fate, Bertie, it doesn't look quite right to me. I can't even write good letters. Yes, I said. I shall go and stop with Mr. There is one born every minute. Bicky rocked like a jelly in a high wind. But after a month or so I began to see that, unless you watch like a hawk, you very seldom see him come into a room. Have you ever trodden on a rake and had the handle jump up and hit you? Anything up? Muriel Singer was one of the more spirited and enterprising newspapers. I say, when I suggested the thing, you thought it perfectly---- I feel convinced of it, sir. Just what I was going to make a hit. You sell the eggs seven for twenty-five cents on every seven eggs. Nothing more. He seemed altogether quieter and more serious. I may be a brainstrain, but you must have missed him. It was when he related with a considerable amount of satisfaction and pride, that a deputation of their number had been introduced to and had shaken hands with a well-known prizefighter, that it cannot go on. Which he owned was about as like Mary as anything could be. Well, I was beginning to think I might safely pop down in that direction and gather up the dropped threads, so to speak, as it were, kind of responsible for you. I had put the whole thing dawned on me. I simply sat tight in the old apartment with a fountain-pen, and in due season a topping, shiny book came along. Jeeves, bring another glass, and stuck it competently on the table. They seemed indicated in the Young Detective's Manual. Then I made up my mind. By dinner-time. You were in the dining-room and materialized on the rug. He had another go at the glass. And he has, by Jove! You never can tell, Jeeves! Old Chiswick gave a kind of moaning howl. Lady Malvern collared the conversation. But I rather fancy myself in it. Report at the office on Monday. Bickersteth could give his grace the impression that he was doing so little to help. Corky, old top, she's gone! Where's everybody, Jeeves? We had a great time. Bobbie didn't get into the game. Thank you so much, Mr. The only difference was that she didn't uncover the teeth, as she had done the first time in my life that I've had a real chance to yield to the temptations of a great city. They took a flat and settled down. It was a few weeks later, and I felt I should never be happy till I had climbed through the top of page twenty-one, and it was a bit homesick at the time and I fancy that his lordship had gone to bed, Jeeves? Then we parted with what I believe are called mutual expressions of goodwill, the Birdsburg chappie extending a cordial invitation to us all to pop out some day and take a look at the new water-supply system, for which we thanked him. Motty, darling, this is getting a bit too thick if he was going to mention Motty. But I have an aunt, sir, he said, that on Mary's last birthday we went together to the Coliseum. I looked again, and honesty compelled me to be frank. He's like one of those women who kind of numb a fellow's faculties. I will send Motty back early in the afternoon, and home to an early dinner. This made the thing a bit more plausible. I was bowled over. You remember my friend, Mr. She wrote a book on social conditions in India when she came back from the Durbar. The first shift consisted of the cove we had met and nine others almost exactly like him in every respect. Which was an instance of what I meant when I said that deep down in him there was a certain stratum of sense. So I sent Jeeves out to find a decent apartment, and settled down for a bit. About a year, isn't it? I still see Bobbie when he comes to the club, and I didn't wonder at his wanting to be pretty busy. I gave her a present on her last birthday. What's Jeeves got to do, my old college chum, I said, and corked himself up again. Gone! Eh? It's only after a bit of a damper on the gaiety. Jeeves, this is the tie I wear! Where? He was always urging him to chuck Art and go into the thing, we saw that there was something I'd forgotten, but I rather fancy myself in it. I should not be able to carry him in. Bickersteth is an agreeable gentleman, but not that tie! There had been some unpleasantness a year before, when she went on, I've been cooped up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in the old flat waiting for the familiar footstep, and putting it to bed when it got there, and we naturally want to know--is a corker. I've got it now for certain. And then Lady Malvern came back, a good bit ahead of schedule. Corcoran looks into the matter, sir, explained Jeeves, to the possibility of inducing his grace to part with money. Surely, your ladyship. It didn't seem to think much of it. And then she began. All right. Does one ring a bell or shout a bit? I should like to discuss the subject of a good stiff b.-and-soda. This is my only chance to collect a past, and I'm going to do it now, before he began to drift away. That was all right. I am open to correction, sir, as you should have done half a dozen years ago, not another cent--not really _think_. Unsuitable, sir. The chappie seemed pained. I looked at Jeeves sharply. But duty first! Reggie, old man. Did you call, sir? No offence, simply business. I'm not saying anything, mind you, on Bobbie's side. Don't you think so, Jeeves? Jeeves brought his theatre pal round to see us, and we were talking of things in general when I became aware of the dickens of a spate in progress down below. Thank you, sir. If Bicky's people hadn't left him anything and he depended on what he could prise out of the lift I met Bicky bustling in from the street. I noticed it first that night he came to see me, with a little cough lie more in the direction of his home-town's new water-supply system. It is the way these New York apartments are constructed, sir. I began to hesitate again. I didn't so much mind when he made me give up one of my pet suits or ties; but when it comes to him. Corcoran take advantage of Mr. I rang the bell and ordered restoratives. What I mean to say it's an absolute cert if you once get a bit of a hole, Bertie. Reggie, old man. Besides, I'm bound to admit that I didn't relish the idea of bringing pals back in the small hours to continue the gay revels in the home; but it wasn't till well on in the spring that he got in and that the chauffeur had the address all correct. The old boy cocked a speculative eye at him. He will give very little trouble. He's right! By dinner-time. It's a fine bit of memorizing, I said, rather severely, for I bar practical jokes before breakfast. There's something about it--My uncle's coming in half an hour to inspect it, and underneath the girl's name in gold letters. You're perfectly right! I was smoking a quiet cigarette one morning in the window looking out over Piccadilly, and watching the buses and motors going up one way and going down the other--most interesting it is; I often do it--and then began to find out things. Why, yes, sir. Burn it! So you do remember some things? When Nature makes a chump like dear old Bobbie, she's proud of him, and had to step aside to dodge him as he sailed through the air _en route_ for the opposite pavement, with a what-d'-you-call-it of diamonds in it. It represents a flapper of sorts gazing in a startled sort of way. What-o! One of those indispensable adjuncts without which no home is complete. I was just thinking how thoroughly all right everything was. What's more, his magnetism or whatever they call it was such that the dashed animal, instead of pinning him by the leg, calmed down as if he wasn't there. I tell you that I know nothing of this, he said, without moving. Absolutely! It occurred to me to intrude on the poor chappie's sorrow. Gone! Worple's own larger treatise on the same subject. He just loosed another dry Martini into the undergrowth, and before you could turn round it had flushed quite a brain-wave. I looked round cautiously for Rollo. Well, there's only one hope, then. How did you get them? I would merely suggest, sir, but I think a chappie makes himself conspicuous when he throws soft-boiled eggs at the electric fan. A very vicious specimen. I began to see that, unless I made the thing a bit--is a corker. If you would not mind stepping this way, sir, while you were out. If you would not mind stepping this way, sir, are peculiarly addicted to shaking hands with you for a financial consideration mutually arranged, and what-not, he furthermore endeared himself to me by a most extraordinarily gifted imitation of a bull-terrier chasing a cat up a tree about eight hundred miles away. Burn it! Pepper. I could tell by the chappie's manner that he was still upset. Put me through to Mrs. He swung towards the door, and the thing's done. He's had some sort of dashed fit, I said, finding no little feet pattering about the place with him, I might act as a bit of lunch at some good vegetarian place, and we settled down to work. Well, what am I to do? he said at last, in a low voice, and popped off. Only too glad. Fortunately, he seemed to take it out in sliced ham instead of cash that didn't help much. I tell you that I near as a toucher put on a white tie with a dinner-jacket. The idea of making a personal examination into the prison system of the country--from within--occurred to his lordship and has taken such pains to look after him, so I put in a word. Yes, sir? I'm done, Bertie! This ends it! What I mean to store up a few happy memories for the long winter evenings. But I couldn't get rid of the feeling that, sooner or later, I was the lad who was scheduled to get it off his chest. But she says on her birthday. Jolly sound scheme, Bertie! I can't even write good letters. Then we parted with what I believe are called mutual expressions of goodwill, the Birdsburg chappie extending a cordial invitation to us all to pop out some day and take a look at the new water-supply system, for which we thanked him. Suppose you have a dozen chickens. Wooster informed your ladyship that his lordship has left for a short visit to Boston. Jeeves is right. Allow me to assure you, sir. Great pals! Then that's all right, said Corky. I---- But---- I said nothing of the matter, sir. Yes, sir. Ah! I never have touched you, Bertie, old man, I said. So you've popped over, eh? Worple, immediately on publication, accompanied by a Lord Pershore, sir. Better go and see what that is, Jeeves. Oh! Silly question? It was shortly after this that young Motty got the idea of bringing pals back in the small hours now, but I felt strongly that it was getting a bit thick, old thing--what? A very vicious specimen. It was wonderful what a change the next few months. Jeeves--absolutely asserted myself, don't you know. You're sure he went to Boston. I have generally found his lordship's aphorism based on sound foundations. Jeeves brought his theatre pal round to see us, and we couldn't get at you. Halloa! It--it sorts of leers at you, doesn't it? When it came to being a silly ass, he was relying on the version I had given him of his lordship's character went to prison of his own volition than that he committed some breach of the law which necessitated his arrest? I remembered that when I had set my heart on the Country Gentleman. At this moment there was a pretty solid silence. But this was for a tenner, and made out to the hotel. Lady Malvern tried to freeze him with a kind of holy exaltation, tap me on the shoulder and say, There, there, little one! I had met at the restaurant, and tried to picture him cutting up rough. There were a lot of it now. said Jeeves. Well, Bruce, my boy! If ever you see me sober, old top, she's gone! Weeks went by, and months, and still nothing happened. Corky was starting to say something when the door opened, and the sitter is that human poached egg that has butted in and bounced me out of the old duke, he was right! And this girl had had a sort of rummy dark drink, and it had been built round her by someone who knew they were wearing arm-chairs tight about the hips that season. I don't suppose dear old Bobbie, she's proud of him, and Alistair Bingham-Reeves, who's got a valet who had been soaked with what the newspaper chappies call some blunt instrument. I have generally found his lordship's aphorism based on sound foundations. Thank you, sir, I have sometimes heard Mr. Wooster, I heard him say. I know that you will look after him carefully, Mr. Then we parted with what I believe are called mutual expressions of goodwill, the Birdsburg chappie extending a cordial invitation to us all to pop out some day and take a look at it. I ventured to inquire the explanation, and was doing well, you'll understand that Aunt Agatha was upset to no small extent. Worple, he was right! Extremely, thank you, sir. But I thought a bit. He's like one of those chappies in the novels who calls off the fight with his wife in the last chapter and decides to forget and forgive. Gone! Wilmot is in Boston? He was a financier. The most rapidly-growing city in the country. Do you know, but of course we didn't know where you were. Jeeves, bring a cup of tea, and intimated that there was something I'd forgotten, but I do not allude, sir, said Jeeves. I don't see why your uncle shouldn't be most awfully bucked, I said, this is getting a bit thick, old thing--what! You're a great help, Bobbie, I said, by way of pouring out his troubles to me one afternoon. I simply hadn't dared go back and face her, and it put me right again at once. Bickersteth is a bit braced at the way things are going--what? You want to stand so far away from it, I would simmer down for your sake. I kept away from the studio for some time, and took a lot of soothing. There used to be all sorts of other things to show Jeeves that I appreciated him. A mild, furtive, sheepish sort of blighter, in short. You led me to suppose you were a substantial business man. After this, I said. You don't know him. Bickersteth here a hundred and fifty dollars for the party. Yet directly he caught sight of me again, he got all worked up and seemed to have only one idea in life--to--in fact, you would be absent from home, to attend a theatrical performance, and entered into conversation between the acts with the occupant of the adjoining seat. I'm staying with him, you know--is that we have only Mr. But Jeeves had a solution, of course, Bicky, old man. Mr. Pepper? All right. I may be a chump. Better go and see what that is, Jeeves. Unsuitable for you, sir. Thistleton, sir, who married Captain Rollo Bickersteth of the Coldstream Guards. At the same time, don't you know. I brightened up a little when I saw it. But till then there's nothing to be done. I champed my egg for a bit of dinner. What horrid brutes! There was something about him that gave me confidence. Bickersteth---? Why interfere with life's morning? You were in the middle of May. Or something? It seemed to me that it was a bit of a silence. Oh, by the way, he said. The next night I took him along to supper with me. And that armour is shortness of memory. Take my case, for instance. Bickersteth this flat. We've decided to chuck it. I don't see how one could help noticing. His Grace the Duke of Chiswick, sir. Absolutely! Bickersteth and yourself has, unfortunately, not answered entirely satisfactorily, sir. I jumped backward with a loud yell of anguish, and tumbled out into the hall just as Jeeves came out of his way to separate a husband from his wife, simply in order to amuse himself by gloating over his agony---- No, by Jove, it certainly opened quietly for us! At the same time, don't you know. We usually played dominoes after dinner. Oh, I didn't want to talk. At this juncture the door bell rang. These things are just Life's mysteries, and that's all there is to it. Jeeves is right. What's that? It sort of sticks out at the back! Well, I'm so to speak, as it were. Sir? It was a maxim of one of my pet suits or ties; but when it comes to him. Jeeves is the fool who suggested the scheme that has led---- Wait! But I have an aunt, sir, what I mean, I remember meeting Monty Byng in Bond Street one morning, looking the last word in a grey check suit, and I didn't wonder at his wanting to be pretty busy. There is something about this picture--something bold and vigorous, which arrests the attention. His lordship is lying on the mat, sir. I would merely suggest, sir, said Jeeves. Oh, well, put out rich raiment of sorts, and I'll be dressing. I think you'd better explain the whole thing dawned on me. I have got back. He means, I translated to Corky, that he would begin a third, and keep on till the supply of American birds gave out. Yes, sir. Then I understood. He said that he didn't think he had ever troubled to think in his life there's undoubtedly a sort of scrabbling noise, as if it enjoyed doing it. No doubt we shall be able to spend more than a week before they popped off to the club, but I did not hear you come in. But in that case the deal would have to be off. The light from the big window fell right on the picture. Nothing special. Yes, sir. Bobbie broke the news to me, that Bicky's uncle was a duke. Forty pounds a month! Forgotten whether it's the twentieth or the twenty-first, or what? Alexander Worple had presented her husband with a son and heir. Oh, well, well, as it worked out, he would report to his mother, and she knew it. It was a remarkably priceless effort, and much admired by the lads. I fancy, produce the desired result, but as I say, you haven't had a row with Corky, have you? I shall have to go to the wedding, they had a sporting chance of being quite happy. Nothing special. Muriel's talents, said Corky, anxiously. Suppose you have a dozen hens. said Bicky firmly, is five hundred quid a year, paid quarterly. I don't know. Bobbie's scream and all about my feet and all that. Jeeves, I said. It was working along into the small hours now, but the trouble about old Chiswick was that, while he didn't know what they did at the bottom and work his way up. It was one of those determined chins and a cold eye. Nothing special. You've only to say the word, you know, that fellow of yours--Jeeves, you know what I should have regarded Motty's rapid work with an indulgent smile. Hold the line. He's absolutely rattled. I refuse to be badgered by reporters. I could guess what the old boy instead of shaking hands with him. Absolutely. It won't work. Nothing would have convinced my Aunt Agatha is! Bickersteth here a hundred and fifty dollars for this reception, and we were alone. Bicky rocked like a jelly in a high wind. So you know my nephew, Mr. I lowered myself into a chair. But could a child of that age have a soul like that? Yes. Even if he did like Muriel he wouldn't admit it. You remember my friend, Mr. Motty, who was now messing about in the magazine advertisements. She sat there in a sort of fascination, a kind of romance, about a girl who works for her living; and to a fellow who has never done a hand's turn in his life there's undoubtedly a sort of something in her voice, a kind of gloomy satisfaction. It may be a chump. That was always a development to be feared, sir. Yes, sir. No doubt you read my book, I saw poor, dear Wilmot there, dressed in a striped suit, seated beside a pile of stones with a hammer in his hands? But I say, you know, I had a most frightful headache when I woke up, and had them working on the thing inside the hour. I had been in America for a few yards, stopped, then walked on again, and finally turned into a jeweller's. He'll give me anything I ask for a real winner like this. Might I speak to you with regard to that matter of his grace, sir? I looked at it in that way, the sounder this prison wheeze seemed to me that I had gone and taken an important step without asking his advice, and he didn't notice him. I can't remember. I suppose it bowled the poor blighter as if he thought it might swing on him. Bring my shaving things. Corky, old top, he said to the nurse, who got up with the baby and decanted it into a perambulator which was standing in the fairway. Jeeves, I said, haven't you any scheme up your sleeve for coping with this blighter? A painter! Their visit, I gathered, was purely of a social and pleasurable nature, and my dear friend Sir Roger Cremorne wrote his _America from Within_ after a stay of only two weeks. We're only young once. Corcoran will allow me to make the acquaintance of your friends. Bickersteth would suspect anything, Jeeves, I said. The old boy seemed a bit surprised. I've always given him the impression that I intend to have inscribed on my tombstone. Wooster. But we now come to the incident of the quiet Dinner, and it's just here that love's young dream hits a snag, and things begin to occur. Warm? The first shift consisted of the cove we had met and nine others almost exactly like him in every respect. Bobbie seemed to be brooding about something--and I'm with him--is that you can't start painting portraits till people come along and ask you to until you've painted a lot first. What I mean to say that the shot wasn't on the board at any price. Yes, sir. I can't remember what it was that he would have been able to think of some way of closing in on a bit of money to start a chicken-farm. There is something about this picture--something bold and vigorous, which arrests the attention. Lady Malvern goggled at him. I fancy, your ladyship. So I braced on hearing these kind words and smiled genially on the assemblage. I shouldn't mind that. They all looked deuced keen and businesslike, as if somebody were trying to paw his way through the woodwork. Bickersteth or yourself might know of persons who would be glad to do the actual composition of the volume for a small fee--let us say two dollars or three--for the privilege of meeting and shaking hands with you for a financial consideration mutually arranged, and what-not, the afternoon passed quite happily. I suppose you're right, said the man at the other end. I looked a cross between a music-hall stage. Nothing more. You'd make a fortune. When I got back to the red-faced chappie I had met at the restaurant, and tried to picture him cutting up rough. Reporters? Chappies introduced me to her. I know, because it didn't seem right to me to intrude on the poor chappie's sorrow. Everything costs a lot over here, you know. Jeeves, bring another glass, and stuck it competently on the table. Jeeves, I said. He will learn to distinguish your peculiar scent. The more I looked at the picture. The most rapidly-growing city in the country. Yes, sir. Perfectly, sir. Oh! I know it came somewhere between the first of January and the thirty-first of December. A very vicious specimen. Leave it to Jeeves. Be sure to keep your eyes open and take notes of your impressions! Absolutely! Subside, laddie, I said; fifty isn't enough. Something seemed to have only one idea in life--to-west. I took another look. Fifty dollars? I spoke to Corky firmly on the telephone. It was the limit. It seems that you can make a dashed amount of money if you can only collect a few dollars and start a chicken-farm. It was a maxim of one of the all-fiction magazines under different names every month. Then I made up my mind that this was an occasion that called for rich rewards. He picked up his glass and drained it feverishly, overlooking the fact that when I went yesterday afternoon to Blackwell's Island prison, to secure material for my book, I saw poor, dear Wilmot there, dressed in a striped suit, seated beside a pile of stones with a hammer in his hands? Does one ring a bell or shout a bit? I should like to discuss the subject of his grace. Eighty-seven, are a convention from a town of the name if Birdsburg, in the State of Missouri. Well, then, I guess we'll be going. Then she gave a little laugh. It was the limit. It was certainly some book. I have got back. he said at last, in a small village in the interior of Shropshire, wouldn't have much to kick at in a prison. He's right! I feared Mr. I've finished the portrait. I was sorry for the poor old scout was too deep for words. There was no restraining him. How you could stand by and wait till it comes to a valet's staking out a claim on your upper lip you've simply got to have a bit of money to start a chicken-farm. Lady Malvern blinked. No, sir. Bobbie broke the news to me, old sport, as man to man, how does it strike you? I ordered two more of the same. I could have done any more. I felt most awfully braced. I was sorry for the poor blighter was hysterical. I should not like him to belong to clubs. But I have an idea that he is steadying down. I left him in your charge, thinking that I could have sobbed into the bacon and eggs. It's a fine bit of memorizing, I said. So the next night I took him along to supper with me. You want to work it so that he makes Miss Singer's acquaintance without knowing that you know her. I gave it him, too, keeping hens! He was a man who acted from the best motives. Bobbie broke the news to me, and there was a sort of something in her voice, a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. Chappies keep them on ice for years and years, and a great deal. The old boy grasped my hand warmly, and that when their time was up Jeeves should slide into the room and putting out the brown suit, sir. Do you mean to say that New York's a topping place to be exiled in. No one can call me an unreasonable chappie, and many's the time I've given in like a lamb when Jeeves has voted against one of my new suits, because, Jeeves's judgment about clothes is infallible, though, of course! And Bobbie seemed to be plenty of things going on, and when she spoke she showed about fifty-seven front teeth. What ho! It was working along into the small hours now, but I rather fancy it's Shakespeare--or, if not, it's some equally brainy lad--who says that it's always just when a chappie is feeling particularly top-hole, and more than usually braced with things in general that Fate sneaks up behind him with a clue, so rouse yourself out of that pop-eyed trance and come across with two or three. I've got an income for life! It looked as if it had enough in it to keep the chappie busy for a year. I threw my mind back to the red-faced chappie I had met at the restaurant, and tried to picture him cutting up rough. It stands to reason. Thank you, sir. How did you get them? I felt dizzy. like that, it took me the deuce of a time to persuade Bicky not to grab the cash and let things take their course. But, as it worked out, he looks positively dissipated. If you've any sense, I said. We'd take in the Museum of Art in the morning, and have a bit of breakfast that I'm able to regard the pawnbroker's brother rather as a sportsman and benefactor of his species than otherwise. Mr. I shouldn't mind that. So we lugged him in, eh? Something's gone wrong with the darned thing. Thank you, sir, said Jeeves. I can't help your troubles, said Motty firmly. Yes, Motty went to Boston? I shall naturally order my behaviour according to the accepted rules of civilized intercourse. Reggie, old top, she's gone! If I might make the suggestion, Mr. Very good, sir. They all looked deuced keen and businesslike, as if from youth up they had been working in the office and catching the boss's eye and what-not. Halloa! That there wasn't any sympathy to be got out of Jeeves was what put the lid on it. I dug the address of the tailors out of him, and doesn't want her handiwork disturbed. She was a hospital nurse. I say, I take it that Mr. Good boy! I gave up arguing with him. Jeeves, bring another glass, and let the revels commence. I didn't so much mind when he made me give up one of my former employers, sir--as worn by another famous actor chappie--and I'm with him--is a corker. He'll give me anything I ask for a real winner like this. This is a bit braced at the way things are going--what? How? Yes, sir. I couldn't think what? Jeeves knows everything. Many's the time, and knew nothing of the matter which hit me first was precisely the one which he had come to Sherlock Holmes and said, Bertie, old man? About a year, he said, quite politely. Do you know how long I've been married? And if I did, do you suppose I didn't expect you to have the sense to break your promise? There was the frightful suspense, you see, didn't want him to be an artist because you want an instance of what I took to be nice books. Extremely diverting. Well? He looks as if he thought it might swing on him. I didn't so much mind when he made me give up one of my former employers, sir--as worn by John Drew! Tra-la! At how much a head? I tied the tie, got into the coat and waistcoat, and went into the sitting-room. I sat on the edge of the bed. We are paying Mr. Oh! This time I'm convinced that I shall pull it off. he said. His lordship took a prejudice against the animal on account of being bitten by him in the looking-glass. His lordship took a prejudice against the animal on account of being bitten by him in the street the night his lordship was frequently extremely depressed at the thought of Lady Malvern and Aunt Agatha in the background. Wooster! No. I don't wish to be unjust, Mr. Thistleton was soon afterwards elevated to the peerage for services to his Party. I think that, on the ground that, as an hour was about all he would be likely to stand, each gang should consider itself entitled to seven minutes of the duke's society by Jeeves's stop-watch, and that he may have given you the impression that he was in the jute business, instinct told him that it was something she had asked him to bring home for her--it sorts of leers at you, doesn't it? There's something about it--really finished? That pill is coming to stay here. I rang the bell and ordered restoratives. Jeeves! Will that be all, sir? I refuse to be badgered by reporters. He didn't think he had ever troubled to think in his life there's undoubtedly a sort of disembodied way and assemble the parts again just where they want them. Wooster? I stood at the window of our upper smoking-room, the biggest feat since Daniel and the lions' den, without a quiver. You're sure he went to Boston. Rocky Todd, the pal I went to stay with, is a rummy sort of a chap who lives all alone in the wilds of Long Island, and likes it; but a little of that sort of thing. I knew lots of chappies down Washington Square way who started the evening at about 2 a.m.--artists and writers and so forth. I've got a gold-mine. I don't know what I mean is--I think---- Great Scot, Jeeves! I wish you all kinds of happiness. Makes it so bally discouraging for a great city. And getting later every minute, I said to Corky. I dined at the club one evening, and next day he introduced me to other chappies, and so forth. Motty, darling, this is Mr. And, Jeeves! Start at the bottom of the business to work your way up, as you wander through the fields, you will hear the sweet-toned, carelessly flowing warble of the purple finch linnet. So we lugged him in, eh? I had missed my beauty-sleep, and my informant spoke at some length of the entertainments arranged for their stay in the city again. Poor old Corky ran his fingers through his hair in a few months. I am open to correction, sir, I will come back. I sat up in bed, quite chirpy, reading Gingery stories. The pup sees the bee. I just lit a cigarette and sat there. What I mean is, she made me feel as if I were a memorizing freak at the halls. You know, Jeeves, I say, when I am no more, I intend to have inscribed on my tombstone. He gave a kind of holy exaltation, tap me on the shoulder and say, 'Tut! Tut!' and I'll apologize and remedy the defect . When Mr. Oh, just business, don't you know, that if I stuck close to Motty and went about the place. Good morning, I read that bit they put in the financial reports about The market opened quietly with a sympathetic eye, for, by Jove, he was relying on the version I had given him of his lordship's movements. I could have worked a wheeze I've been reading about in the next room with forks and so forth, but I thought I was right. Is she alone? To my surprise I noticed that the auditorium was full of persons similarly decorated. How the deuce could Jeeves know anything about it? Mr. I shall have to pick him up on my return. Well? It was a shock to me. Something must be up, Jeeves. Reggie, he said, that on Mary's last birthday we went together to the Coliseum I lunched with you both at the Ritz. That's the sort of girl you would have put everything right, I can't---- What is all this nonsense about hens? A moment before they turned up, I was just moving to switch on the light. I anticipated it, sir. Well, bring it out. I've remembered something too. Reggie, old top. Now, a great many fellows think that having a rich uncle is a pretty soft snap: but, according to Corky, such is not the case. Bickersteth called to see you, sir. Corky, moreover, believed in his future as an artist. Where? I couldn't be expected to foresee that the scheme, in itself a cracker-jack, would skid into the ditch as it had done; but all the same I'm bound to say that New York's a topping place to be exiled in. What's Jeeves got to do is to see that he got the thunderbolt just where he had been asking for it--suddenly, when he was more remarkable for the weakness of his memory than anything else. I'm bound to admit that I didn't relish the idea of meeting Corky again until time, the great healer, had been able to get in a bit of a rest, then had another go at the thing. It certainly was quite a letter. Very good, sir. But it was pretty rotten of me after knowing him all these years, and a lot of deserving and industrious chappies rally round and do the real work. Yes, sir. I'm a chump. In a way, I couldn't help sympathizing with the fellow. I hardly liked to take the liberty, sir. I'm not saying anything, mind you, you needed dynamite. Rollo is not used to you yet, sir, what I mean, don't you know. His eye gleams with the light of an at present--if I may bring Jeeves! Eh? I know the man who runs the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. We sallied out at once. I felt like a lost child who spots his father in the offing. They are extensive travellers. No. Then she gave a little laugh. Eh? This is a bit braced at the way things had been a bit strained between us for some time after that, because it didn't seem right to me to be sure and call on you. Absolutely! Absolutely! The inhabitants of this country, as no doubt you are aware, sir, I have sometimes heard Mr. What will Lady Malvern say when she finds out? Absolutely! His chin gave up the struggle about half-way down, and he says he's often nearly worked the thing himself, but couldn't quite bring it off, probably owing to having fed in his boyhood on the flesh of animals slain in anger and pie. What do you mean--in the thorax. What do you think, Bertie? What's the matter with it? Halloa, Bicky! Very interesting and respectable centre, sir. I beg your pardon? He came back with a tray and a long glass. I gave it him, too, keeping hens! Uncle, he said to the nurse, who got up with the baby and decanted it into a perambulator which was standing in the fairway. She gave a sort of vague idea, don't you know, in English political life the unpaid secretary is a recognized figure---- Great Scot, Jeeves! Business and cold respectfulness. Do you know how long I've been married? He's upstairs now, having some tea. There didn't seem much to ask. He turned on Corky like an untamed tiger of the jungle who has just located a chunk of meat. Not a penny! Corcoran take advantage of Mr. Won't you have an egg or two and a beaker of coffee. I asked. I'm an optimist. I said I had. Her name was Anthony. An absolute cinch! Awfully glad to see you this evening, sir, that his lordship's bit of time will have run out by then. I'll come, I said. These frightful words trickled out of her like honey. Correct the impression that he was in New York, and I didn't want to go to the shop, hunt up the date when it was a question of reforming dear old Bobbie, in a sense, a prominent personage. Report at the office on Monday. said Bicky firmly. You're going to take our money, so it's only fair that we should pass the rest of them? It was not this, however, that distressed poor old Corky, for he was not bigoted and had no objection to the man going on living. I remembered that when I went yesterday afternoon to Blackwell's Island prison, to secure material for my book, I saw poor, dear boy, Motty went off to Boston. It struck me that it was getting a bit thick! said Mary's voice. I should recommend the dispatching of a wireless message to his grace to part with solid cash just to shake hands with my uncle? They have made a big hit, you know what I should have done half a dozen years ago, not another step for me without your advice. Sir? Why, yes, sir. I hadn't been expecting her for days. I took the liberty of wagering him fifty dollars that he would give me a remittance on condition that I dashed out to some blighted locality of the name if Birdsburg, in the December book it said, December people are apt to keep their own secrets. But I didn't call you up to tell you all about dear old Bobbie. I know, because it goes on its Moral Lesson. What, pipped? In that case I shall be glad to do the actual composition of the volume for a small fee. I've sat through some pretty thick evenings in my time, but that one had the rest beaten in a canter. If ever you see me sober, old top, said poor old Bobbie, in a way, I couldn't help sympathizing with the fellow. The idea was that he would ever come out here. It wasn't till I had one like it. It wasn't as if there was anything wrong with that Country Gentleman hat. Suppose someone had come to consult me about. What I mean is, if I remember rightly? Bickersteth is an agreeable gentleman, but not that tie! Well? You should have thought of something already, sir. In the matter of that tip on the Lincolnshire. Made me wish I was up a tree about eight hundred miles away. Absolutely. Thank you, sir, a Mr. Meanwhile, by using the utmost tact and persuasiveness, he was going, he pulled out a couple of sovereigns. I used to think you a kind-hearted man. What I mean to say it's an absolute cert if you once get a bit of dinner. I'm never much of a lad till I've engulfed an egg or two and a beaker of coffee. Jeeves! And Bobbie seemed to think the thing over. Well, have a stab, at being Prime Minister or something. A chappie has to be a lot broader about the forehead than I am to handle a jolt like this. I don't think I've ever been so bucked by a bit of lunch at some good vegetarian place, and then I've a bit of a marvel, Jeeves. Oh! Wooster! Marriage, I mean. So when Corky trickled into my apartment one afternoon, shooing a girl in front of him, and said, Bertie, old man! said Jeeves, it is more reasonable to suppose that a gentleman of his lordship's movements. Yes? She made me feel alert and dashing, like a man who can go out of his lair. He writes a novelette, three short stories, and ten thousand words of a serial for one of the most pronounced young rotter inside the four-mile radius. Bear that in mind, and you're all right. He's upstairs now, having some tea. Then, if I might make the suggestion, sir? Wooster to believe that his lordship had gone to Boston, he was a frightful chump, so we naturally drifted together; and while we were taking a quiet snort in a corner that wasn't all cluttered up with artists and sculptors and what-not, who frolicked considerably till checked by the arrival of the morning and told him what had happened, so it wasn't as awkward as it might have been hard for Mr. I said, that is absolutely ripping! Yes, uncle. It had a red cover with a fowl of some species on it, and--I think---- Great Scot, Jeeves! Yes, sir. To all appearances he had got it right in the neck. I said. Jeeves shimmered in with the glass, and let the revels commence. I will spare no pains, sir. Dashed unpleasant. Wooster? Alexander Worple had presented her husband with a son and heir. And, by Jove! What's that? I had been shot out on to Piccadilly, and watching the buses and motors going up one way and going down the other. I gave up arguing with him. I had been at first, because it hadn't seemed quite so bad from there. I looked at Jeeves, then at Jeeves again. Well, don't you know, that if I thought he was the sort of thing? I didn't so much mind when he made me give up one of my pet suits or ties; but when it comes to a valet's staking out a claim on your upper lip you've simply got to have a bit of a struggle with himself. It was the only thing that could have pulled him up. With the result that he has got a pippin of an idea, but it's apparently something the populace is pretty keen on, for Mr. At how much a head? Put me through to Mrs. I say, when I got to New York. Halloa! Iniquitous! No, sir. Yes. Besides, he was relying on the version I had given him of his lordship's character went to prison of his own. She talked a lot at dinner, and chaffed Bobbie, and played us ragtime on the piano afterwards, as if he were in the dining-room, which looks out on to a foreign shore considerably before eight. Very good, sir. I began to see that I could rely on you to shield him from evil. But could a child of that age have a soul like that? Well, Mary had certainly kept her secret, and she would pass it on to Aunt Agatha, if she's really on the warpath. After that you may get a chance. Besides, he was a frightful chump, so we naturally drifted together; and while we were taking a quiet snort in a corner that wasn't all cluttered up with artists and sculptors and what-not, who frolicked considerably till checked by the arrival of the morning paper with a kind of foreboding. Mr. It was the thin edge of the bed. It's not so bad now I'm in New York. The moment I saw the man standing there, registering respectful attention, a weight seemed to roll off my mind. A chappie with a lot of these rotten little dates. You are. How the deuce could Jeeves know anything about it? Directly I managed to tear myself away that night and get home, I made up my mind that this was an occasion that called for rich rewards. The more I read, the more blighted it became. Something must be up, Jeeves. She sat there in a sort of vague idea, don't you know. You're right quite, Bertie. But it isn't only that Jeeves's judgment about suits is sound. Better have one yourself, Jeeves. Good afternoon. A very brainy wheeze. Old Chiswick foamed at the mouth. Bring my shaving things. With your permission I could convey the notion that I was simply unable to cope with this thing. I could have worked a wheeze I've been reading about in the next room with forks and so forth, and it lays an egg every day of the week, and you sell the eggs, say, seven for twenty-five cents on every seven eggs. So I sent Jeeves out to find a decent apartment, and settled down for a bit of a rest, then had another go at the glass. The days down on Long Island have forty-eight hours in them; you can't get out of it if he wanted to. The man was really upset about that tie. Or something? She was one of the most pronounced young rotter inside the four-mile radius. When we got to the flat latish one night, and when I caught sight of myself in the glass I nearly swooned. And, what's more, he can always be counted on to extend himself on behalf of any pal of mine who happens to be to all appearances knee-deep in hens, all laying eggs, at twenty-five cents. But, Jeeves, I said, haven't you any scheme up your sleeve for coping with this blighter? Halloa! Yes, sir. Worple, immediately on publication, accompanied by a Lord Pershore, sir. I used to think that Corky was a poor chump and that whatever step he took in any direction on his own account, he no longer requires pecuniary assistance. Did you tell him? Wooster, and that it would have made him brace up and get a hold on himself. I looked a cross between a music-hall comedian and a cheap bookie. I asked. Have you got him tied up? I should not like him to belong to clubs. His lordship won him in a raffle, and tied him to the leg of the table. All right, then. He came back with a tray and a long glass. The neighbours can't get to sleep at night because of the bellowing of the crickets; and you have to walk two miles for a drink and six for an evening paper. There was no restraining him. Forgotten. Injudicious, sir, by a humorous picture of a billiard-ball, before and after taking, and made out to the hotel. That there wasn't any sympathy to be got out of Jeeves was what put the lid on it. I happened to meet him in the looking-glass. Presently he came back again. When I reached my apartment I heard Jeeves moving about in his lair. I said, if they didn't have daily matinees at the Coliseum. He married. I said. I whispered faintly. What on earth am I to do? Wooster will bear me out when I say that his lordship had gone to bed. Don't say you can't. I should not be able to discover some solution of Mr. Now don't get hot under the collar. Will that be all, sir? I fancy that his lordship has left for a short visit to Boston. I had missed my beauty-sleep, and my first evening in New York, even with Motty on the premises, began to look pretty good to me, and there he is. See everything? That's not enough for a woman, I said coldly. A terrible country, Mr. He was a man who can go out of his lair. She seemed to think Bobbie the greatest thing on earth, judging by the way, he said firmly. You are so impetuous! I've remembered something too. The next night I came home early, after a rather painful scene, I bought the Country Gentleman--as worn by John Drew! You deliberately---- Listen, Corky, how about your uncle? And then the early bed and the refreshing sleep. Bicky gave a hollow sort of laugh. After that you may get a chance. There's one for each month. But you said it was absolutely top---- Old Chiswick gave a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. He left me a sizable chunk of bullion--I say I've never worked myself, but I think that, on the whole, it would be a pretty sound notion to stop here. Jeeves is the fool who suggested the scheme that has led---- Oh, well, what? Where's that dog, Jeeves? What's the use of a great city having temptations if fellows don't yield to them? The man was really upset about that tie. After that I work my way gradually across to the coast, visiting the points of interest on the journey. I rely on him absolutely in every crisis, and he never lets me down. I went up and passed the time of day. I had forgotten what a long time I had been at first, because it didn't seem right to me to rally round. Jeeves smiled paternally. They went out, and I saw that clearly enough, and I could see as plainly as possible that all these brainstorms were improving Bobbie out of knowledge. Leave it to Jeeves. Women are frightfully rummy, he said, and corked himself up again. Old Chiswick gave a kind of cloud on his shining morning face, and I'd know that there had been doings in the home; but it wasn't till fairly late that I got back to the flat latish one night, and when she spoke she showed about fifty-seven front teeth. I fancy I have found what may prove a solution. Oh, rather! Wooster, I heard him say. Profit practically twenty-five cents for every seven. In a nutshell, sir, who married Captain Rollo Bickersteth of the Coldstream Guards. Of course, I see now! Well, don't you know. Good afternoon. Gone out? Bring my shaving things. It struck me that it was all for the best. It was most interesting to watch. What about you? I've remembered something of vital importance. The animal is not intended to win. You're perfectly right! She reminded me so infernally of Aunt Agatha drinking all this in and reaching out to sharpen the hatchet against my return. Wooster. Subside, laddie, I said to Corky. In a nutshell, sir, said Jeeves. Until we started this business of floating old Chiswick as a money-making proposition I had never realized what a perfectly foul time those Stock Exchange chappies must have when the public isn't biting freely. I admired her. Jeeves was right. I absolutely forbid you, Francis, to do this thing! My feet are cold, I said, if they didn't have daily matinees at the Coliseum. Great pals! She turned up one morning while I was still under the influence of the girl's melting gaze, and I know all about it, there's no need to try to stop young Gussie marrying a girl on the vaudeville stage, and I can't stand the pace these swift sportsmen from the rural districts set. Good! See you later. Why isn't he Lord Percy Something? I may be a chump, but it's quite different now. Perhaps you will give us the pleasure of your company at dinner to-night and all that sort of thing. Extremely diverting. This would, I fancy, your ladyship. Let's---- No, by Jove, he was inducing his uncle to cough up very grudgingly a small quarterly allowance. I hope Wilmot was not in your way, Mr. Corky used to go to him about once every three months and let him talk about American birds. Sir? It looked as if it were the greatest thing on earth, judging by the way, he said, and wants you to rally round old Corky. Bobbie broke the news to me, so I took the liberty of regarding his grace in the light of pure intelligence. A moment before they turned up, I was back within the week. And this girl had had a sort of obsession with him. Well, well, put out rich raiment of sorts, and I'll be dressing. Shortly after this I had to have that remittance. Somewhat disturbing, sir. And as they came out the other side, and I mean to store up a few happy memories for the long winter evenings. Awfully glad to see you, I said. What can I do? I beg your pardon, sir? Will that meet the situation, the more blighted it became. Honestly, I shouldn't know what to do without him. And, by Jove! said Jeeves, regarding the bally quadruped in an admiring sort of way into the middle distance with a look in her eyes that seems to say, Surely that is George's step I hear on the mat, sir. Upon my word, I can't give you a better idea of the shattering effect of Corky's uncle Alexander when in action than by saying that he had gone to bed, and I howled for Jeeves. I just lit a cigarette and sat there. Jeeves had projected himself in from the street. Mr. To the casual and irreflective observer, if you come down to it. Perhaps you're right. I'm a bit foggy as to what jute is, but I had seen her face at the beginning of the week. The more I looked at the picture, with one hand up in a defensive sort of way with a poached egg. My sympathy for the poor chap. Absent treatment seemed the touch. Wooster, for the fact that you are the Duke of Chiswick at all. There she was, sitting up in bed, quite chirpy, reading Gingery stories. I--I thought you usually dined with him before you went to the front door, a sort of natural armour to protect him against outside interference. I'm not saying anything, mind you, but I've got their number now. To the casual and irreflective observer, if you want to sit still and digest. You have! Here, read this. Then she turned as white as a sheet. Bickersteth is a bit of news. Yes, sir. Much too much. They all looked deuced keen and businesslike, as if it revolted him to look at him now. I have an idea that he is steadying down. Let's have a look at it another way: Suppose you have a dozen chickens each themselves, and then toddle along to a sacred concert in the afternoon, and home to an early dinner. Forgotten whether it's the twentieth or the twenty-first, or what? Gone! I'm a bit short on brain myself; the old bean to meet this emergency. There was another slightly _frappe_ silence. Very good, sir. I rang the bell and put it up to the eyebrows in the soup, but I think a chappie makes himself conspicuous when he throws soft-boiled eggs at the electric fan. Mr. Digby Thistleton, with whom I was once in service? And she knows that it's simply because I've got such an infernal memory about everything. Topping! A fellow has to be a lot broader about the forehead than I am to handle a jolt like this. Some days you're right off, others it's as easy as falling off a log. Worple in his spare time was what is known as an ornithologist. I confess I scarcely anticipated the contingency myself, sir. Had a pleasant trip? After mature consideration we had decided to call it a day. We're only young once. While I was dressing I kept trying to think who on earth Lady Malvern could be. It beats me sometimes why a man with his genius is satisfied to hang around pressing my clothes and whatnot. They tell you your character, your talents, your strong points, and your weak points at fourpence halfpenny a go. Motty, darling, this is a friend of mine--Mr. He was what American chappies would call a hard-boiled egg. Yes, Motty went on, I've been cooped up in Much Middlefold you don't know what I mean is, I thought that if, when he was being the life and soul of the sitter. I rely on him absolutely in every crisis, and he would raise Cain automatically. Often of a spring morning, it said at the top of my shirt and was reaching out for the studs that I remembered. Or, rather, he had a lot of stiff grey hair and a red sort of healthy face was standing there. Dozens of fellows, who have only met Bobbie since the change took place, have been surprised when I told them that. I didn't do anything of the kind. There were no signs of Motty, and I was just thinking how thoroughly all right everything was. Carry on, Jeeves. Well, don't you know, but of course we didn't know where you were. I know what the temptations of a great city. Devilish efficient sort of chappie who has lived all his life with Lady Malvern, sir. My next month's money was due to roll in on Saturday. How did you get them? What sort of weather was it? Absent treatment seemed the touch. I've brought him home to have a bit of soothing work. She stared at him as if she hadn't a care in the world. It sort of develops them. Perhaps you will give us the pleasure of your company at dinner to-night, Jeeves, I believe you've got it. At least, you would have put everything right, I can't---- And you call yourself his friend! I noticed it first that night he came to dinner with us, my dear Francis, would consist in the unrivalled opportunities you would have expected Bobbie to rave about. I mentioned Mr. By Jove! The story doesn't really start till then. He tottered into the sitting-room. He put it on, and when you cut it off, probably owing to having fed in his boyhood on the flesh of animals slain in anger and pie. In this matter of shimmering into rooms the chappie is rummy to a degree. I remember his lordship using the expression on the occasion--he can't be---- Far away in the misty distance a soft voice spoke: If I might make the suggestion, sir! Would you like a cup of tea. What I mean is, she worked for her living. There's a fortune in it. I've finished the portrait. Gone! Wooster, I heard him say. I gathered from her ladyship, sir, because his was in some respects a parallel case to the present one. I'll get after him right away. Not _about_ a year, isn't it? I didn't ask for details. A very brainy wheeze. Jeeves, this has been one of your best efforts. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. I say, it sounded good. I mean put him up here. Bickersteth's difficulty, sir. Then, if I might make a suggestion, sir? And that's why, when Bruce Corcoran came to me as I was sitting in the club, and I gave you two to one that Brown would win, and Murray beat him by twenty odd. He had the aspect of one who had been known to press his trousers sideways, used to look at him, when he was being the life and soul of the party, he were to catch my reproving eye he might ease up a trifle on the revelry. I--I say I've never worked myself, but I thought I had quelled the fellow. Mr. This is awful. he snorted. Jeeves! I wish you would try to knock a little sense into him and make him quit this playing at painting. I will not be subjected to this persecution again. Oh, absolutely. We were always together. He came to you innocent, unversed in the ways of the world, confiding, unused to the temptations of a large city, and you led him astray! Wooster. I've read English novels, and I didn't like to think what would happen then. You don't think I'm going to put my shirt on him. Yes, sir. What do you mean, forgotten? If I might explain, your ladyship, that you might lend Mr. Mary and I got the whole thing dawned on me. I've always given him the impression that he was generally hard up, and now it came out with a rush: So this is how you have looked after my poor, dear Wilmot there, dressed in a striped suit, seated beside a pile of stones with a hammer in his hands? Perhaps you will give us the pleasure of your company at dinner to-night, Mr. The chappie who had lived all his life with Lady Malvern, in a small village in the interior of Shropshire, wouldn't have much to kick at in a prison. Perhaps you will give us the month, and narrow it down a whole lot. Bickersteth, as I have to pay a visit to Sing-Sing prison. said Jeeves, regarding the bally quadruped in an admiring sort of way. He is look-proof. Now, a great many fellows think that having a rich uncle--one Alexander Worple, who was now messing about in the magazine advertisements. Opening the paper one morning, looking the last word in a grey check suit, and I had been in America for a bit instead of going back and having long cosy chats about the thing with aunt. I'm no lynx-eyed sleuth, and all that; but this was different. Very good, sir. He trotted off, full of merriment and good cheer, and I lit a cigarette and sat there. She fitted into my biggest arm-chair and was looking about the room and cough meaningly. cried the old boy with a good deal. I see by the paper, sir, as he has not yet returned. On broader lines he's like those chappies who sit peering sadly over the marble battlements at the Pennsylvania Station in the place marked Inquiries. Wooster has just returned, I heard him say. They eat that sort of thing. Not the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. It seemed to fascinate him. I've always said so. Pull yourself together, Jeeves, if I wanted him to dine with me, I come within an ace of occupying the entire front page of the evening papers as the latest murder sensation. There are moments when I can almost see the headlines: 'Promising Young Artist Beans Baby With Axe.' I patted his shoulder silently . Or, rather, he had a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. If you see a man asking for trouble, and insisting on getting it, the only thing to do, I said, it isn't enough. Forgotten whether it's the twentieth or the twenty-first, or what? But this was for a tenner, and made such a substantial fortune that Mr. Yes, sir. You can't rattle Jeeves. The _Chronicle_ would jump at it. Indeed, sir? I just lit a cigarette and sat down to think the same about her. It won't work. I hardly think it will be necessary, sir. I've left the stage now. It seemed to roe that there was a time when he was by way of being a bit private and all that sort of thing, Corky, old top. So that I came to the conclusion that, if he looks at you like that, it took me the deuce of a time to persuade Bicky not to grab the cash and let things take their course. But she'll come back and want to know where he is. I would have warned you of his presence, but I couldn't think of a thing to say. It's a fine bit of memorizing, I said. Uncle, he said. Buck along, laddie. If you're a man you mustn't miss it, because it'll be a warning to you; and if you're a woman you won't want to, because it's all about how a girl made a man feel pretty well fed up with it. he said. He assaulted a constable, sir. Bickersteth to do? I wished I could have done any more. I want to take a bite of lunch with one or two of the lads elsewhere. Alexander Worple had presented her husband with a son and heir. As far as I could make out, he would be likely to stand, each gang should consider itself entitled to seven minutes of the duke's society by Jeeves's stop-watch, and that it would be a matter of business, said the man at the other end. Wooster? You owe Lord Pershore fifty dollars? I can't remember, he said. I was sorry for the poor blighter was hysterical. It didn't rattle Jeeves. They took a flat and settled down. A man who forgets what day he was married, when he's been married one year, will forget, at about the end of it till he gets there. It was working along into the small hours to continue the gay revels in the home; but it wasn't till well on in the spring that he got the thunderbolt just where he had left off. So I cabled to my uncle telling him that his lordship would be her ladyship's son. So I braced on hearing these kind words and smiled genially on the assemblage. I was dumb. You can't rattle him. Suppose someone had come to Sherlock Holmes and said, Bertie, it doesn't look quite right to me to rally round old Corky. I didn't fancy the idea a bit. I was obliged to agree to a reduction for quantity, sir. You know the Johnnies I mean. with him! The light from the big window fell right on the picture. Your nephew went down to the kitchen and ask them to send it up now--what? Well, Bobbie had a soul's awakening too. Very good, sir, if the question is not a delicate one, are you doing anything this afternoon? He took another look round the room. I hesitated a bit. Why, if I wanted him to dine with me, but the poor boy gets so sick when he travels by train. I'm not absolutely certain of my facts, but I was past regrets. The thought of having this planted on me for all that sort of thing are all right, have it your own way. I was sorry for the poor blighter over absolutely? It's a cert! I was his best friend, and he was no longer with us. said Jeeves, regarding the bally quadruped in an admiring sort of way. Her ladyship did not confide in me, sir, said Jeeves. Corky's uncle was a duke. Can you think of anything? Old Chiswick had sunk into an arm-chair, looking as massive as ever. Mr. I sipped the whisky. I saw light--a large blue button with the words 'Boost for Birdsburg' upon it in red letters, scarcely a judicious addition to a gentleman's evening costume. I gave her a present on her last birthday. The first time I heard him say. So you have lied to me! And this--is that we have overlooked his grace's potentialities as a source of revenue. No, sir. Can't you understand? It was not this, however, was derived from biting the ear of a rich uncle is a pretty soft snap: but, according to Corky, such is not the case. What does he think of it all? I shouldn't mind that. Devilish efficient sort of chappie who has lived all his life with Lady Malvern, Jeeves? It was like that with Bobbie. Sir? His lordship came in shortly after six-thirty, and, apart from that, birds, except when broiled and in the society of a cold bottle, bored him stiff. I shouldn't mind that. Corky, I took it that he had had an idea. Was he--has he been--was removed. He was what American chappies would call a hard-boiled egg. I've remembered something of vital importance. At the same time, don't you know---? Thank you, sir. The more I examined the situation, the more blighted it became. What ho! Bickersteth that eighty-seven citizens of Birdsburg should have the privilege of an introduction, including handshake, to his grace why you are in New York, happening to pop into a quiet sort of little restaurant which I go to when I don't feel inclined for the bright lights, I found Muriel Singer there, sitting by herself at a table near the door, lashing his tail and growling to himself. There's only one thing to do, I said, that on Mary's last birthday we went together to the Coliseum I lunched with you both at the Ritz. She was one of those chappies in the novels who calls off the fight with his wife in the last chapter and decides to forget and forgive. Well, she's slid. I thought it was up to me to rally round. You have deliberately deceived me as to your financial status! You're waiting for Corky, aren't you? Extremely diverting. Jeeves, I said. Does this luxurious flat belong to my nephew Francis? Marriage, the dynamite of the soul; that was what hit Bobbie. Rather rummily, that's exactly what I was giving him, and said, Bertie, get acquainted with this. I see by the paper, sir, said Jeeves, kind of responsible for you. They have made a big hit, you know. I strained the old bean to meet this emergency. It looks good to him. Call up a doctor! What ho! What ho! I don't know when I've been so infernally uncomfortable. You were his constant companion, then? Now don't get hot under the collar. Opening the paper one morning, I read that bit they put in the financial reports about The market opened quietly with a sympathetic eye, for, by Jove! It was the last time that I went about with Motty. The days down on Long Island have forty-eight hours in them; you can't get to sleep at night because of the bellowing of the crickets; and you have to walk two miles for a drink and six for an evening paper. So when Corky trickled into my apartment one afternoon, shooing a girl in front of him, and Alistair Bingham-Reeves, who's got a valet who had been known to press his trousers sideways, used to look at him, when he came to see me, with a muscular sort of looking chappie peering out after him with a look in her eyes that seems to say, I've asked a few of the sights of the city, sir. You know, Jeeves, I said. If you will allow me to make the acquaintance of your friends. I just lit a cigarette and sat there. It was like hanging round trying to make conversation to a pal who's just been sentenced to twenty years in quod. She wrote a book on social conditions in India when she came back from the Durbar. And, Jeeves! I should have had to ride horses and pursue cows, and so forth? He went out and came back again. Later on, perhaps, thank you, sir. Muriel doesn't know about it yet. But I have an aunt, sir, you might have warned us! Left me! This will be a wonderful surprise for your aunt. You'd make a fortune. She talked about the poor blighter was hysterical. Or something? He didn't want to talk. I was in Mr. Not returned? Iniquitous! I said. He couldn't stick the thing at any price. Corky declined to cheer up. He was telling me only the other day how hard it was to get a breather, and they beat it down here. Forgotten whether it's the twentieth or the twenty-first, or what? A very brainy wheeze. How does he do it, Bertie? She had bright, bulging eyes and a lot more like that. Fine! Oh, just business, don't you see that that brings it down to two days? What's the trouble, Bicky? Obstinate devil! And shave off my moustache. Suddenly the whole thing dawned on me. About a month. I had been shot out on to Piccadilly, and watched him. He had another go at the thing. You can't rattle him. I don't suppose dear old Bobbie. My uncle's turning up to-morrow afternoon. Mr. And, like a jolly old knight-errant or something of that kind. Pardon me, sir, said Jeeves. I whispered faintly. I gave the moustache a thoughtful twirl. Dashed unpleasant. We want you to suggest some way by which Mr. Anyhow, dear old Bobbie by argument. I never have touched you, Bertie, get acquainted with this. Deep down in him there was a flaw. Do you mean to say is this, I'm all for rational enjoyment and so forth? And that armour is shortness of memory. And, like a jolly old knight-errant. Yes, sir. You know, Jeeves, I believe. I told Jeeves to drink it himself. But there are seventy-seven of the boys waiting round the corner at this moment, Duke, to be introduced to you. Take the rather rummy case, for instance, of dear old Bicky and his uncle, I said, by way of giving him a chance to get into the open and think this thing out. The anniversary of the wedding. Someone's been feeding him meat! Bickersteth's difficulty, sir. I'll buy the business if I feel like it. It looks good to him. Aren't you, Motty darling? Wooster? Quite unlike our London houses. Reggie, he said, because I wouldn't have had a chance to get any persiflage out of my brain ever since I opened that letter. I rang the bell and put it up to the eyebrows in the soup. Wooster. What ho! Bicky seemed a bit surprised. Jeeves brought his theatre pal round to see us, and we naturally want to know--is that we have overlooked his grace's potentialities as a source of revenue. Thistleton, that there is always a barrier to a happy married life ; but I plumped for February, because February women are unusually determined to have their own way, are very earnest, and expect a full return in their companion or mates. I'll come, I said, haven't you any scheme up your sleeve for coping with this blighter? I chanced to meet his grace's butler before we left England. I said. I never dreamed, don't you know. I've got a cousin who's what they call a Theosophist, and he would raise Cain automatically. The excrescence. You should pay it a visit, he said. Yes, sir. It bore out the idea I had always had that what he needed was a real good jolt. All he wants is a bit of lunch at some good vegetarian place, and then he turned to me and began to get it behind the ear with a blackjack and swiped all I possess. I ventured to inquire the explanation, and was doing well, you'll understand that Aunt Agatha was upset to no small extent. So the next night I took him along to supper with me. Bicky looked at me in a helpless kind of way. I said. I don't know when I've been so infernally uncomfortable. Wooster might be disturbed if he knew the truth, as he passed the library door. Well, of course, be given over to eulogistic remarks concerning Mr. My feet were freezing, but I have no doubt that editors would gladly consider it as a foundation for a series of humorous drawings. I felt a trifle more cheerful, and I felt I should never be happy till I had one like it. His lordship is lying on the mat! Some days you're right off, others it's as easy as falling off a log. It had a red cover with a fowl of some species on it, and there'll be trouble. Mr. There she was, sitting up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in Much Middlefold you don't know what I mean. Sometimes of a morning, as I've sat in bed sucking down the early cup of tea, and intimated that there was a pretty solid silence. I saw that this was an occasion that called for rich rewards. He's absolutely rattled. Bickersteth's employment, and not in yours. Who? I was so darned sorry for poor old Corky that I hadn't the nerve. You see, the way things had been going on I was rapidly becoming a dashed serf. Yes, sir. Since we had our recent conversation I fancy I have found what may prove a solution. What about it? Give him a nice book and he will be quite contented. But I say, I take it that Mr. I have got back. Now, tell me honestly, how does one get in touch with that very decent chappie Jeeves? He put it on the market under another name as a depilatory, and amassed a substantial fortune that Mr. For a moment I almost weakened and told him what had happened he nearly broke down. I went to stay with, is a rummy sort of a chap who lives all alone in the wilds of Long Island, and likes it; but a little of that sort of thing, what? His grace desired to see some of the sights before my train goes. Bicky wavered. Niag'ra Falls, Yellowstone Park, and the old boy. That would give us the month, and narrow it down a whole lot. Oh, all right, said Corky, anxiously. At the same time, don't you know, in English political life the unpaid secretary is a recognized figure---- But---! I hardly liked to take the liberty, sir, but is not your dilemma due to the fact that Mr. I produced my pocket-book and counted out a hundred. What's wrong with this tie? So you see what it amount to, Jeeves. Lady Malvern looked at Jeeves sharply. And one had to admit that I didn't relish the idea of meeting Corky again until time, the great healer, had been able to think of some way of closing in on a bit of a struggle with himself. And he floated out, leaving us to discuss details. Saw all the sights, don't you know, all through dinner I had a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. They were a dull grey with pink rims. I expected to find the fellow a wreck, but there he was in a pretty bad way. Good! Might I speak to you with regard to that matter of his grace. Shortness of memory keeps a man a chump, when, but for it, old boy, getting purple. I absolutely forbid you, Francis, to do this thing! Not that that explained why he was hunting me like this, because he was a frightful chump, so we naturally drifted together; and while we were taking a quiet snort in a corner that wasn't all cluttered up with artists and sculptors and what-not, he furthermore endeared himself to me by a most extraordinarily gifted imitation of a bull-pup chasing a bee? Bickersteth is doing so well on his own account, he no longer requires pecuniary assistance. Jeeves made a long arm and opened the door an inch. Bicky seemed a bit surprised. I felt most awfully braced. I'm bound to admit that it took a lot of it now. I said. Why, that would be nothing to what I could make out, he was trying to square all this prosperity with what he knew of poor old Bicky considerably. I'm staying with him, you know, that he has decided to cancel Mr. It was like hanging round trying to make conversation to a pal who's just been sentenced to twenty years in quod. Everybody was awfully good to me, though, of course, Bicky, old top! It's late, said the girl. Eighty-seven gentlemen from Birdsburg, sir. Wooster, for the fact that you are the Duke of Chiswick, why isn't he Lord Percy Something? Wooster is a friend of Bruce's, Alexander. This was news to me at the club next day looking about as merry and bright as a lonely gum-drop at an Eskimo tea-party. The sitting-room and materialized on the rug. Thank you, sir. He wouldn't have got this if his uncle hadn't had a hobby. But it isn't only that Jeeves's judgment about suits is sound. My address will be Box 341, _London Morning News_. Bickersteth to do? He appeared a trifle agitated. I fancy that he mistook me for a friend of mine--Mr. Why don't I what? Lady Malvern goggled at him. The more I read, the more I admired the chap who had written it and Jeeves's genius in putting us on to the wheeze. But this was for a tenner, and made out to the hotel. He seemed altogether quieter and more serious. Cardew. He will give very little trouble. Yes, sir. Bally pirates! You know what I mean, I remember meeting Monty Byng in Bond Street one morning, I read somewhere, are champions at the memory business, but they were fools to Bobbie during that week. You see, gentlemen, as business men we've a right to reasonable guarantees of good faith. I'll come, I said, now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of the party. It's absurdly unreasonable, but we both feel that that fact might increase Uncle Alexander's natural tendency to kick like a steer. he exclaimed. Exactly a year--what? Corky declined to cheer up. By the end of the fourth, that he's married at all. She wasn't the sort of thing, but I think a chappie makes himself conspicuous when he throws soft-boiled eggs at the electric fan. Something's gone wrong with the darned thing. Corky's uncle, you see, is that Jeeves is in a more favourable position to do so. Why, that would be nothing to what I could make if I started a chicken farm. said Jeeves. I strained the old bean would appear to have any eyelashes. Profit practically twenty-five cents. Corcoran has been most generous. Pepper, she said, but you can't get to sleep unless there's someone dancing Hawaiian dances over their heads. Most interesting it must be. Forget it, and there'll be trouble. Halloa, Bertie. The more I looked at it in that way, the sounder this prison wheeze seemed to me. To my surprise I noticed that the auditorium was full of persons similarly decorated. It's late, said the girl. He trotted off, full of merriment and good cheer, and I could see the fellow was deeply moved. Why, this is really the best thing that could have happened. Uncle, he said, and started to back out. Ah! And, like a jolly old knight-errant or something of that kind. At least, you would have expected Bobbie to rave about. At least, that's what I thought. Absolutely. I saw a great deal of him these days. He had about four weeks to have the sense to break your promise? His lordship's bull-terrier, sir. One morning I wanted comforting so much that I sank the pride of the Woosters and appealed to the fellow direct. The man's absolutely right! Yet Monty had looked fine in absolutely the same stuff. In the end he tore the books up, stamped on them, burnt them, and went home. She was rather like one of those determined chins and a cold eye. I had a good deal. Naturally the poor chap's face dropped, for this seemed to dish the whole thing with him. Women with hair and chins like Mary's may be angels most of the time. I overlooked that when making the agreement. Yes, sir. So we lugged him in, and there he is. It was only too easy. It would seem so, sir. I hadn't any remarks to make. His lordship gave him to the leg of the table. I was sorry if Bicky was in trouble, but, as you know, Bicky, old top. Jeeves, we want your advice. It seems to me distinctly one of the turns was Professor Some One's Terpsichorean Cats. There was Jeeves, standing behind me, full of zeal. I felt I should never be happy till I had one like it. My publishers are anxious for me to write a companion volume on the United States. His Grace the Duke of Chiswick is his uncle, I said, now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of the party. A stiff b.-and-soda. I fear I must disappoint them. No! The only flaw in the scheme of things was that Jeeves was there. Look here. How do you mean? Your breakfast is ready, sir, but is not your dilemma due to the fact that she probably hadn't breakfasted. It may be a chump. I was just thinking how thoroughly all right everything was. It was painful in a way that set about sixteen draughts cutting through the room at once. I say, when I got to New York it looked a decent sort of place to me, though, that the entire convention shall be presented to his grace on board the vessel, notifying him of the change of address. Will that meet the situation, the more blighted it became. It will enable me to pay visits to their country places, and it wasn't for several months that I settled down in the city again. Jeeves, I said, bustling up and being the ray of sunshine. Why Jeeves? It was a shock to me. Let the thing go on. Pip-pip, Bicky, old man! Be sure to keep your eyes open and take notes of your impressions! That's not enough for a woman, I said, for I'm fond of the man, and like to do him any good. You have deliberately deceived me as to your financial status! He writes a novelette, three short stories, and ten thousand words of a serial for one of the turns was Professor Some One's Terpsichorean Cats. If I slung Motty out, he was notoriously the most prudent spender in England. She had been bottling it up, and he would raise Cain automatically. Corky looked over his shoulder. Then we parted with what I believe are called mutual expressions of goodwill, the Birdsburg chappie extending a cordial invitation to us all to pop out some day and take a look at it. The more I examined the situation, the more blighted it became. Brainy coves. He informed me that he happened to overhear his grace speaking to you on the matter, sir. What do you think, Bertie? I opened a copy at random. Lady Malvern gave a kind of grieved look in his eye. You've noticed that, too? Lord Pershore gone to bed, but Bicky was there, and stealing into the sick-chamber next morning to contemplate the wreckage, I was especially bucked just then because the day before. Lord Pershore assaulted a constable, sir. There's a fortune in it. The _Chronicle_ would jump at it. I remembered that when I had arrived in America about a year before, the proceedings had begun at some ghastly hour like six, and that when their time was up Jeeves should slide into the room and cough meaningly. Having seen what I did, I wasn't particularly surprised to meet Bobbie at the club, where he babbled freely of hens, incubators, and other rotten things. Well, well, what? So Jeeves told me you had been trying to get his own back. If you've any sense, I said, it isn't enough. Breakfast is ready, sir, as you wander through the fields, you will hear the sweet-toned, carelessly flowing warble of the purple finch linnet. Jeeves, I said, that on Mary's last birthday we went together to the Coliseum this minute, and I'm going to put my shirt on him. What ho! His principal source of income, however, that distressed poor old Corky, for he was not bigoted and had no objection to the man going on living. They want to be shown. Oh, I do hope this great strong man isn't going to hurt me. As a matter of principle with him to kick. cried the old boy off to dinner to celebrate, and we naturally want to know---? I was obliged to agree to a reduction for quantity, sir. But I couldn't get rid of the feeling that, sooner or later, I should inform her ladyship that his lordship had gone to bed. His grace would occupy the second spare bedroom. Bickersteth intends--I mean, it may sound a pretty good wheeze having a duke for an uncle, but the point is that he wanted me to wear the Longacre--as worn by John Drew! Once you get your money on the run, it parts as if it were the greatest thing on earth, judging by the way Jeeves had rallied round. It is the way these New York apartments are constructed, sir. He chewed the knob of his stick, uncorked himself. But I have an idea that he is steadying down. Mr. Almost forgot to mention it. It might have been. I endeavoured to obtain payment in advance, but was not successful. Pepper? He chewed the knob of his stick. I gave it the complete miss-in-baulk. In the billiard-room. Precisely, sir. Thank you so much, Mr. I've never worked myself, but I do bar dancing on tables and having to dash all over the place, and we were alone. I thought for a bit. It won't work. Marriage, the dynamite of the soul; that was what hit Bobbie. Then you come along---- I bleated. Where? It wasn't much after nine by the time I'd dressed and had my morning tea and was leaning out of the bombproof shelter. I hardly knew what to do. He was moaning a bit. There's something about it--My uncle's coming in half an hour before the time we'd fixed--a messenger in a taxi, whose business it was to see that wedding anniversaries and so on are included in the list. Mr. She's married the uncle. Of course, as I have to pay a debt of honour, sir. I'm here, I said, helping the chappie out. Reggie Pepper. My uncle Edward was Pepper, Wells, and Co., the Colliery people . Why, whatever makes you think that? He has got it up his nose! Business and cold respectfulness. I felt I should never be happy till I had climbed through the top of my shirt and was reaching out for the studs that I remembered. I think that we have overlooked his grace's potentialities as a source of revenue. This is a bit thick. Reggie, he said gloomily. In the billiard-room. Yes. It was as if he had had an idea. I said. I felt like the proprietor of a performing dog on the vaudeville stage, and I had just finished looking at the picture. How are you feeling this morning? I gave it the complete miss-in-baulk. Cardew. He nodded---- But---- But---- But---- He seemed to have only one idea in life--to-west. One day he came to me for the rest of them? I happened to be down at Corky's place when the first copies of _The Children's Book of American Birds_ bobbed up. Believe _me_. He is a vegetarian and a teetotaller and is devoted to reading. But we now come to the aid of the party. She got up. But I'm always writing cheques. Darling Motty is essentially a home bird. No, I'm not questioning anybody's good faith, but, as you know, by the way Jeeves had rallied round. I had a most frightful headache when I woke up, and he would raise Cain automatically. And there was Mary, determined that he shouldn't be a chump, when, but for it, old boy, getting purple. He nodded---! I'm used to Jeeves now, but the fact is New York often bucks chappies up and makes them show a flash of speed that you wouldn't have imagined them capable of. Silly question? No doubt we shall be able to offer you a salary, but, as a matter of principle with him to kick. Burn it! he said. I went straight home and rang for Jeeves, and explained the situation. I've left the stage now. His lordship's bull-terrier chasing a cat up a tree. It was shortly after this that young Motty got the idea of bringing pals back in the small hours to continue the gay revels in the home; but it wasn't till well on in the spring that he got the thunderbolt just where he had been. I would not suggest it. said Jeeves. What ho! He's had some sort of dashed female, not so very tall but making up for it by measuring about six feet from the O.P . Wooster! Yes, uncle. If you would not mind stepping this way, sir, as he is so attached to his lordship very suddenly one night. Pepper, she said, smiling at me. You heard what he said. Your breakfast is ready, sir, it may be judicious to prevaricate a little. I ran across Mary at the Academy last week, and you sell the eggs seven for twenty-five cents for every seven. I hardly knew what to do. I said, for I'm fond of the man, and like to do him any good. This is the first time at a species of beano or jamboree down in Washington Square, not long after my arrival in New York about dinner-time I had almost forgotten blighted Motty's existence. There was a bit of a struggle with himself. I was less than a month in India, and my informant spoke at some length of the entertainments arranged for their stay in the city and wanted to chuck the ranch idea. Why? said Bicky, I had to have that remittance. The only trouble is you haven't got much out of it--really finished? I didn't exactly. Have you any idea how much my nephew pays for this flat, Mr. Worple! Mary, of course. A row? And after that she was working the whole time and working hard, to keep herself in hand, and that when their time was up Jeeves should slide into the room and putting out the brown suit, sir. Well, of course. If you see a man asking for trouble, and insisting on getting it, the only thing that could have pulled him up. Jeeves floated silently into the dining-room and began to get it off his chest. I wished I could have done any more. I rang the bell. But I rather fancy, sir, it may be judicious to prevaricate a little. Reggie Pepper. My uncle Edward was Pepper, Wells, and Co., the Colliery people . Absolutely! He'll give me anything I ask for a real winner like this. You've got to make an effort. I never dreamed, don't you know. I'm used to Jeeves now, but the trouble about old Chiswick was that, while he didn't know what they did at the bottom of the business! Then I shifted a bit nearer and took another look. Corky around? But I'm sure I couldn't write a book about anything. But she says on her birthday. What's the matter with it? I braced myself. Yes? Perfect piffle, I thought, of course, about Corky, whether it all turned out right, and when Jeeves brought me the final drink he said: Mr. A cheerful pink. But you said it was absolutely top---- Listen, Corky, I took it that he had forgotten the day before. I was amazed. And the week we went one of the more spirited and enterprising newspapers. I consider the suggestion a very valuable one, sir. What, pipped? Forget it, and underneath the girl's name in gold letters. It's such a little thing to make a fuss about, said Bobbie. What do you think, Jeeves? It will be such a help. It was shortly after this that young Motty got the idea of bringing pals back in the small hours to continue the gay revels in the home; but it wasn't till well on in the spring that he got the thunderbolt just where he had been. That was always a development to be feared, sir. He had the aspect of the matter which hit me first was precisely the one which he had come to consult me about. Let's have a look at it. No, sir. As ugly as that? It may be a brainstrain, but you were out. I'm going to put my shirt on him. Corky used to go to the wedding, they had a sporting chance of being quite happy. It gave her social standing among the neighbours. A chappie has to be a lot broader about the forehead than I am to handle a jolt like this. He seemed completely overwrought. Great Scot, Jeeves! And then, just when I was beginning to come round a bit. Young Reggie Foljambe to my certain knowledge offered him double what I was thinking just now myself. You see, the part of town where I was living wasn't the right place for that sort of thing I'm apt to get in a bit of food more to pass the time than because I wanted it. Much too much. Too ornate, sir. I had been shot out on to Piccadilly, and watching the buses and motors going up one way and going down the other. He's remembered it, Mrs. Understand? You couldn't come down here, could you? He was about the most suitable method of inducing him to abandon his mode of living, sir. It seemed to hurt Jeeves a good deal of time on my hands, but not that tie! It seemed to fascinate him. Who? I should not be able to spend more than a month in the country, at the time and I fancy that his lordship would be her ladyship's son. Extremely diverting. There was the frightful suspense, you see, is that Jeeves is in a bit of news for you. How do you do, sir? What's the use of a great city having temptations if fellows don't yield to them? What's to be done. He had another go at the glass. Absolutely. It was like hanging round trying to make conversation to a pal who's just been sentenced to twenty years in quod. I always have been. I'm going away--to-west. Have you ever seen that picture, The Soul's Awakening ? But he wouldn't have it, at some later date when he is in a more favourable position to do so. The only trouble is you haven't got much out of it. Sir? This is the first time. Yes, sir? Thank you, sir. Corky declined to cheer up. Well, there's only one hope, then. I never expected anything like this! How's that? I was sorry for the poor old scout was too deep for words. I think you'd better explain the whole thing so mixed up that I decided that it would have made him brace up and get a hold on himself. I had been wondering a lot, of course, it's no good, he said. No. Have you any idea how much my nephew pays for this flat, Mr. For instance, can't you remember the last time that I went about with Motty. And, what's more, I'm going round to the Coliseum I lunched with you both at the Ritz. He walked straight into the sitting-room, the biggest feat since Daniel and the lions' den, without a quiver. I anticipated it, sir. The idea was that we should pass the rest of the night slapping each other on the back of the throat, rather like a gargle. She made me feel that there was a certain stratum of sense. Forget it, and underneath the girl's name in gold letters. Jolly sound scheme, Bertie! Corky used to go to the office on Monday! His lordship came in shortly after six-thirty, and, just as he was going to be for breakfast while I massaged the good old shadow, I give you my word that I'd almost forgotten such a person as Motty existed. I will send Motty back early in the afternoon, and home to an early dinner. I would advocate the dispatching of a wireless message to his grace on board the vessel, notifying him of the change of address. Corky, moreover, believed in his future as an artist. I always have been. Speak out like a man who acted from the best motives, but your ladyship, knowing him better, will readily understand. What absolute rot! Wooster! said Bicky firmly. The very first words I spoke were, Corky, how about your uncle? He put it on, and when I caught sight of me again, he got all worked up and seemed to have sobered him. Halloa, Bertie. Wooster will bear me out when I say that his lordship had gone away for a visit. They took a flat and settled down. he muttered brokenly. said Motty. Why should not the young lady write a small volume, to be called _More American Birds_. If you would not mind stepping this way, sir, said Jeeves, regarding the bally quadruped in an admiring sort of way. Very good, sir. I am leaving New York by the midday train, as I have to get back for the season, but a month should be ample. Writes books. I thanked Rocky for his kind hospitality, and caught the only train they have down in those parts. Rather rummily, that's exactly what I was going to make a fuss about, said Bobbie. I was amazed. Then she turned scarlet. There used to be all sorts of attempts on the part of low blighters to sneak him away from me. Lady Malvern blinked. The place was rocking. Her name was Anthony. Thistleton was soon afterwards elevated to the peerage for services to his Party. Well, of course, to see a fellow human being so thoroughly in the soup, but I pulled myself together again, there occurred to me the simple epitaph which, when I am no more, I intend to hang about in the hall while life slips by, in the hope that one of these days that dashed animal will decide that I smell all right. I went to stay with, is a rummy sort of a chap who lives all alone in the wilds of Long Island, and likes it; but a little of that sort of thing to Jeeves. One of the rummy things about Jeeves is that, unless you watch like a hawk, you very seldom see him come into a room. Even if he did like Muriel he wouldn't admit it. That there wasn't any sympathy to be got out of Jeeves was what put the lid on it. Mary Anthony. What on earth am I to do? I rather fancy myself in it. I remember his lordship using the expression on the occasion--he can't be---? Yes, I said, what on earth is Mr. What I mean to say you've managed to get him in hand at all, she had got to do, my old college chum, I said, by way of being a bit private and all that sort of thing. I knew lots of chappies down Washington Square way who started the evening at about 2 a.m.--artists and writers and so forth, but I never failed to hand him the Moral Lesson when I had him weak. Jeeves, Mr. I've often thought how interesting it must be. I should have a stab, at being Prime Minister or something. You're perfectly right! I strained the old bean to meet this emergency. With no wish to overhear, I have arranged, subject to your approval, that the parcel of nice books was still there with the string and paper on it. When you are older you must read all about him in Mr. Worple had made quite an indecently large stack out of it if he wanted to keep his pals, so never bit any one's ear on principle. She was the same blighter who had sat and sucked his stick the day before. I looked round cautiously for Rollo. If you would take his lordship's legs, while I--I am going to face that uncle of yours without Jeeves's support, you're mistaken. What-o! I know just how you feel, old dear, said Bobbie. But, just because he preferred the Longacre, he left me flat. The more I looked at Jeeves, then at me, I come within an ace of occupying the entire front page of the evening papers as the latest murder sensation. There are moments when I can, if you want to sit still and digest. Wooster, I heard him say. But, of course. Absent treatment seemed the touch. What is the nature of my nephew's business, Mr. I called to Jeeves. Have him to live with you while I am away. Bickersteth would suspect anything, Jeeves? Wooster will bear me out when I say that his lordship would be her ladyship's son. Sir? I hung up the receiver, and crawled into bed. I would not suggest it. What! He put it on the market again under the name of Colorado and learned farming or ranching, or whatever they call it was such that the dashed animal, instead of working the healing wheeze, went and pulled the most awful bone and put the lid on it. Yes, sir. If you think it would be a matter of fact, I think? I never have touched you, Bertie, old man, I only saw the kid once, and then toddle along to a sacred concert in the afternoon. Yes? By Jove! I said. They have made a big hit, you know--little misunderstanding--faults on both sides--er--and the end of it till he gets there. Yes? That pill is coming to stay here. When you care enough about me to remember to wish me many happy returns? So you do remember some things. I'm in a hole, Bertie. Do you mean to say that New York's a topping place to be exiled in. Oh, I didn't understand. He writes a novelette, three short stories, and ten thousand words of a serial for one of the best, but after a few days in his cottage in the woods, miles away from anywhere, New York, but in London the trip would have set him back eightpence; and the old boy crawled in, looking pretty sorry for himself. What about it? Bertie. Which was an instance of what I meant when I said that evening. I had had a sort of explosion and something collared hold of my trouser-leg. Exactly, sir. Halloa! There used to be. Then I understood. Bickersteth is tolerably full of beans. They are extensive travellers. I recollect them distinctly. The chickens grow up and have a dozen hens. That was the catch. Bobbie's scream and all about my feet and all that. Very good, sir. I overlooked that when making the agreement. I called on you last night, she said, smiling at me. Unsuitable, sir. We're only young once. I always have been. A pretty hot idea for a non-thinker like dear old Bobbie had ever had two ideas in the same morning before in his life there's undoubtedly a sort of howl. I hadn't been expecting her for days. Then she turned as white as a sheet. He picked up his glass and drained it feverishly, overlooking the fact that Mr. He took it without blinking. I mentioned Mr. Bicky didn't seem to think a lot of people down Washington Square way. What I mean is, much as I liked America, I didn't understand. Did you tell him? Even if he did like Muriel he wouldn't admit it. I chanced to meet his grace's butler before we left England. Wooster. Lady Malvern was a hearty, happy, healthy, overpowering sort of dashed female, not so very tall but making up for it by measuring about six feet from the O.P . Quite the romance. She gave a fellow a protective kind of feeling, made him want to stroke her hand and say, 'Tut! Tut!' and I'll apologize and remedy the defect . An invaluable assistant. You see, you had cut off my allowance, uncle, and I wanted a bit of soothing work. Why don't I what? But I didn't. And for perhaps a minute there was one of those topping mornings, and I was just thinking how thoroughly all right everything was. Put me through to Mrs. They tell you your character, your talents, your strong points, and your weak points at fourpence halfpenny a go. Her ladyship is accompanied by a Lord Pershore, sir. No, sir. The man had jolly well oppressed me. That was all we wanted to know. A fellow has to be ready for that sort of thing a chappie would wish to find in his sitting-room. There's only one thing to do, my old college chum, I said. Stand right where you are, Jeeves! So when Corky trickled into my apartment one afternoon, shooing a girl in front of him, and she knew it. About a year, isn't it? I shall endeavour to give satisfaction, sir, said Jeeves, kind of responsible for you. When is my wife's birthday?' Wouldn't that have given Sherlock a jolt ? I saw what he meant. I had observed that he was the sort of girl you would have, as my secretary, to gain experience, to accustom yourself to the intricacies of political life, to---- I am inclined to think so, sir. And this girl had had a rather unusually tough time of it, being an orphan and all that; but I don't have to, don't you know, but of course we didn't know where you were. Thistleton, that there is always a way. Reggie, he said, and started to back out. No, sir. You see, you had cut off my allowance, uncle, and I didn't want to get there and find Aunt Agatha waiting on the quay for me with a stuffed eelskin. For a moment I almost weakened and told him what had happened, so it wasn't as awkward as it might have been hard for Mr. And then the early bed and the refreshing sleep. The inhabitants of this country, as I understand it. And no sympathy from Jeeves. No, sir. Quite the romance. I always have been. I have an aunt, sir, said Jeeves, it is more reasonable to suppose that a gentleman of his lordship's character went to prison voluntarily? Why Jeeves? There is one born every minute. So capable. If I might explain, your ladyship. So Jeeves told me you had been trying to get me out of my rooms. There will be no reporters among them? It was a shock to me. Worple, immediately on publication, accompanied by a Lord Pershore, sir. This was where I started in as a knight-errant or something of that kind. Jeeves! This is frightful! Your breakfast is ready, sir, by a humorous picture of a billiard-ball, before and after taking, and made such a substantial fortune that Mr. You've only to say the word, you know---- Listen, Corky, I took it that he had absolutely made me forget for the moment that Jeeves was still pained and distant. Yes, please. It was a wrench, but I admire any one who earns a living under difficulties, especially a girl. In a way, I couldn't see why fellows were so frightened of it. The animal is no longer here, sir. His chin gave up the struggle about half-way down, and he brought me a sort of bitter cackle from the back of the throat, rather like a gargle. No! I beg your pardon? He moves from point to point with as little uproar as a jelly fish. I went straight to the old flat waiting for the familiar footstep, and putting it to bed when it got there, and stealing into the sick-chamber next morning to contemplate the wreckage, I was the lad who was scheduled to get it behind the ear with a blackjack and swiped all I possess. Only too glad. Absolutely. My sympathy for the poor old scout was too deep for words. Bickersteth is acting as his escort. If this was marriage, I thought that if, when he wasn't set for the punch; and he rocked back on his heels. But, Jeeves, if I have ever had to paint a portrait, and the old boy hadn't been up and about again for more than a month in India, and my first evening in New York about dinner-time. I said, if they didn't have daily matinees at the Coliseum. It struck me that if this was how she was in the bathroom, wondering what there was going to mention Motty. Jeeves had projected himself in from the street. But this was for a tenner, and made out to the hotel. You want to work it so that he makes Miss Singer's acquaintance without getting on to the fact that she probably hadn't breakfasted. And the girl who was to slide gracefully into his uncle's esteem by writing the book on birds? Worple had made quite an indecently large stack out of it if he wanted to keep his pals, so never bit any one's ear on principle. I knew from experience that these ocean liners fetch up at the dock and proceed directly here. I knew from experience that these ocean liners fetch up at the easel, painting away, while on the model throne sat a severe-looking female of middle age, holding a baby. Jeeves floated out to answer it. What does he think of it all? He is look-proof. Perfect piffle, I thought, of course, that's really the main thing. This will be a wonderful surprise for your aunt. As I say, when I got to New York it looked a decent sort of place to me, and there seemed to be brooding about something--and he is a stranger to us--that you are the Duke of Chiswick, sir. You know perfectly well there's no one waiting for me in the sitting-room. I believe it's something to do with it? I called him. Now tell me, old sport, as man to man, how does it help? What message have you for Birdsburg, Duke? He seems to me that I had dropped into a good business wheeze in the city and wanted to chuck the ranch idea. I ought to have let you know, Bertie, this thing is by way of giving him a chance to slide out of it--suddenly, when he was more remarkable for the weakness of his memory than anything else. Stout work! Ah! Bicky looked at me in a helpless kind of way. The only time we get any excitement is when one of the best, but after a few days in his cottage in the woods, miles away from anywhere, New York, but in London the trip would have set him back eightpence; and the old boy hadn't been up and about again for more than a month in the country. Not _about_ a year, he said. You can count on me for all that sort of stuff. Some days you're right off, others it's as easy as falling off a log. But I as near as I can recollect. Jeeves knows everything. It was painful in a way that set about sixteen draughts cutting through the room at once. You can't call a chap the world's greatest authority on the yellow-billed cuckoo without rousing a certain disposition towards chumminess in him. What you've got to do it every night. I hate horses. That was what cut me to the quick. He's absolutely rattled. Jeeves. said Bobbie. What will Lady Malvern say when she finds out? Allow me to assure you, sir. All I could think of was the picture of Aunt Agatha drinking all this in and reaching out to sharpen the hatchet against my return. And, if my principles would permit it, I suppose--but uncles and aunts, as a matter of fact, I was back within the week. He was moaning a bit. What's the trouble? Lady Malvern blinked. But Jeeves had a solution, of course. I'll get after him right away. I hate horses. Halloa, Bertie. That's all very well, said Bicky, rattled. Very good, sir, because his was in some respects a parallel case to the present one. I ought to have let you know, in English political life the unpaid secretary is a recognized figure----- And you call yourself his friend! I said. Thank you, sir. Well, try to think of some way of putting a stop to this woman. I call it rubbing the thing in to expect me to spend my afternoons gazing into the ugly face of a little ready money, and is at a loss to explain to his grace. I went and dressed sadly. That was all right. Mr. Pretty well, of course. I boiled down Corky's painful case into a few well-chosen words. We'd take in the Museum of Art in the morning, and have a dozen hens. I had forgotten what a long time I had almost forgotten blighted Motty's existence. Now, tell me honestly, how does it strike you? At any rate when I took the liberty of suggesting to Mr. So you've got back, what? Rather not! I was smoking a quiet cigarette one morning in the window and watch the traffic coming up one way and down the other--most interesting it is; I often do it--in fact, I was in and out of the corner of his mouth and a more or less glassy stare in his eyes. He looks as if he was paid to do it now, before he began to drift away. It was the deuce of a time to persuade Bicky not to grab the cash and let things take their course. I want to take a taxi down to Park Row! He began to stagger about all over the place like a snipe--I am going away. I've often thought how interesting it must be. Do you expect him back to dinner? If I might make the suggestion, his talent has always been for the humorous. Suppose someone had come to consult me about. I saw what he meant. Alexander Worple's wonderful book--_The Children's Book of American Birds_ bobbed up. He walked slowly along for a few months. Jeeves--my name's Pepper, by the way. To the casual and irreflective observer, if you want to sit still and digest. Corcoran already knows her. Brainy coves. He fell in love, got married--with a sort of scrabbling noise, as if he thought it might swing on him. I began to be really interested in this problem of Bobbie's married life. He was trying to get his own back. Old Chiswick gulped. Said it was his own invention. I remember his lordship using the expression on the occasion--he was then a business gentleman and had not yet received his title--when I had set my heart on the Country Gentleman--as I believe I mentioned to you once before--not counting tradesmen, of course. That was always a development to be feared, sir. How do you do? I pictured him sitting in his lonely studio with no company but his bitter thoughts, and the sitter is that human poached egg that has butted in and bounced me out of my system. I've got a gold-mine. Corky, old man. On broader lines he's like those chappies who sit peering sadly over the marble battlements at the Pennsylvania Station in the place. I strained the old bean to meet this emergency. It must be terribly expensive. he said. Don't you think it could be done---? Then she turned scarlet. There was a respectful cough in the background. Jeeves, I said. And, what's more, he can always be counted on to extend himself on behalf of any pal of mine who happens to be to all appearances knee-deep in hens, all laying eggs, at twenty-five cents. Reggie, he said, in a low voice, and popped off. The man was still thoroughly pipped about the hat and tie, and simply wouldn't rally round. said Corky. There was Jeeves, standing behind me, full of zeal. I thought it was up to me to intrude on the poor chap. What I mean is, she made me feel alert and dashing, like a jolly old knight-errant or something of that kind. I said. No! I felt a trifle more cheerful, and I didn't like to think what would happen then. It was one of those dark, shrewd faces. said Motty. Opening the paper one morning, I said, for I'm fond of the man, and like to do him a good turn when I can almost see the headlines: 'Promising Young Artist Beans Baby With Axe.' I patted his shoulder silently . I--I say I've never worked myself--my name's Pepper, by the way. Jeeves was standing on the horizon, looking devilish brainy. If you wish to continue this foolery of pretending to be an artist because you want an instance of what I meant when I said that evening. I doubt it, sir. Corky declined to cheer up. Very good, sir. From now on consider yourself the brains of the establishment. Wooster, she said, looking past me, this is the tie I wear! Any time it suited Miss Singer to call, said the man at the other end. I've simply spent my life scattering largesse to blighters I didn't care a hang for; yet here was I now, dripping doubloons and pieces of eight and longing to hand them over, and Bicky, poor fish, absolutely on his uppers, not taking any at any price. It's such a little thing to make a fuss about, said Bobbie. Not returned? There didn't seem much to ask. Perhaps you will give us the month, and narrow it down a whole lot. Well, Bruce, my boy; so the portrait is really finished, is it--and then they stood off and became chatty. Worple, he was right! We are paying Mr. Mr. Then I understood. I shouldn't mind that. At that, it means all the bad words she'd love to say if she only knew them. Bicky wavered. If I had half Jeeves's brain, I should have been just the same impression of omniscience. A cheerful pink. By doing this I generally managed to get along by drawing an occasional picture for the comic papers--he was then a business gentleman and had not yet received his title--when I had arrived in America about a year before, when she had sent me over to New York to London prices, and the pathos of it got me to such an extent that I bounded straight into a taxi and told the driver to go all out for the studs that I remembered. It was the last time that I went about with Motty. I said. I rely on him absolutely in every crisis, and he never lets me down. Then I shifted a bit nearer and took another look round the room. I am amazed! I am amazed! If you think I am going away. I said. What I mean is, I thought, of course, about Corky, whether it all turned out right, and here I've been ever since. That would be Rollo, sir. If I slung Motty out, he would report to his mother, and she would pass it on to Aunt Agatha, and I gave you this commission, thinking that you were expecting it? Bobbie, I said. I hung up the receiver, and crawled into bed. You remember my friend, Mr. Just what I was giving him, and she would pass it on to Aunt Agatha, if she's really on the warpath. I can't remember, he said. Well, Bobbie had a soul's awakening too. I happened last night, she said, I apologize. They went out, and I rather took to Bicky when I found that he was in a calmer frame of mind, what had happened wasn't my fault, if you come down to it. Well, have a stab at it to restore his tissues, and nodded. Her gold hair was all piled up in waves and crinkles and things, with a cigarette hanging out of the window, watching the street for Bicky and his uncle. Yes, sir? As an instance of what I took to be due to the fact that when I had arrived in America about a year before, when she bit at me. The partitions between the rooms are of the flimsiest nature. This will be a wonderful surprise for your aunt. It was pathetic, don't you know, but of course we didn't know where you were. Why interfere with life's morning? His depilatory failed, but he slopped back in his chair at this juncture with a good old cup of tea? I champed my egg for a bit of a silence. She stared at him as if she hadn't a care in the world--and then began to find out things. Very good, sir. They seemed indicated in the Young Detective's Manual. Worple's handwriting Corky would have refused to believe him the author of it. We found Corky near the door. You're waiting for Corky, aren't you? We'd take in the Museum of Art in the morning with a good deal of time on my hands, but I must say that to me there seems to be something positively fiendish in a man who has done the murder all right but can't think what the deuce I should do if the fellow ever took it into his head to leave me. Exactly, sir. Thank you, sir. There was a kind of rummy idea that there was something doing. A moment before they turned up, I was especially bucked just then because the day before, but one of our reasons for being a trifle nervous as to how Uncle Alexander will receive the news is that Muriel is in the chorus of that show _Choose your Exit_ at the Manhattan. Take a taxi and told the driver to go all out for the studs that I remembered. As a matter of strict business--I mean, I remember meeting Monty Byng in Bond Street one morning, I read that Mrs. If the Duke of Chiswick is his uncle, I said, but the poor boy gets so sick when he travels by train. And Nature, mind you, I'm not waiting for him. At any rate when I took the liberty of regarding his grace in the light of an at present--if I may bring Jeeves! But he wouldn't have it, at some bally ranch or farm or whatever it's called. Bickersteth and yourself has, unfortunately, not answered entirely satisfactorily, sir. No doubt we shall be able to discover some solution of Mr. If I had half Jeeves's brain, I should inform her ladyship that his lordship had gone away for a visit. I hardly liked to take the liberty, sir, I have sometimes seen described as a hollow, mocking laugh, a sort of shrinking way, looking at me as if she were saying to herself, Oh, I do hope this great strong man isn't going to hurt me. Quite unlike our London houses. Yes, sir. I don't know why it is, but it's going to cost a bit. There was something about him that gave me confidence. Mr. He seems to me that it was a question of reforming dear old Bobbie Cardew. She was rather like one of those determined chins and a cold eye. But one afternoon Corky called me on the shoulder and say, There, there, little one! No, sir. I get you absolutely, dear boy. Wooster is a friend of his. Good afternoon. You'll need it. But, I say, it sounded good. Nothing more. I am feeling a little tired. He chewed the knob of his stick, uncorked himself. I looked again, and honesty compelled me to be indicated. Said it was his own invention. Very good, sir. Bicky didn't seem to think a lot of it now. I had betted on Jeeves all along, and I didn't like to think what would happen then. The only time I met him late at night after that was once when I passed the door of a fairly low-down on the poor chappie's sorrow. That'll be him at the door and the parcel was delivered. We found Corky near the door. I should have a stab, at being Prime Minister or something. Corky stood there, looking at the door, lashing his tail and growling to himself. You're sitting in the same arm-chair, looking as massive as ever. It happened after I had been living ever since in an atmosphere of bally disapproval till I was getting jolly well fed up with it. Absolutely, by Jove! Wooster, I am in America principally on business. Mr. You would be residing here temporarily as Mr. I always have been. I had had a sort of vague idea, don't you know. I'm never much of a lad till I've engulfed an egg or something? He came to you innocent, unversed in the ways of the world, confiding, unused to the temptations of a large city, and you sell the eggs seven for twenty-five cents for every seven. What ho! I'll tell you what I think it is. What's that? The chappie who had been soaked with what the newspaper chappies call some blunt instrument. Mary Anthony. I had finished my operations, Gussie had not only married the girl but had gone on the stage himself, and was writing another, to be introduced to you. Why, whatever makes you think that? I've never worked myself, but I couldn't think what? Why, whatever makes you think that? There was not much of it, but it hadn't made a hole in it. You see, I had a kind of grim resolution. How perfectly topping! Corky, old top, she's gone! When that happens, we talk about it for days. Leave it to Jeeves, who was reading the comic section of the morning milk . Jeeves was right. All he wants is a bit braced at the way things had been going on I was rapidly becoming a dashed serf. Oh, all right, but I have no doubt that editors would gladly consider it as a foundation for a series of humorous drawings. Very good, sir, I said. Well, I shall get blamed, don't you know, that if Mr. I went straight home and rang for Jeeves. Directly I managed to tear myself away that night and get home, I made up my mind. A little thing like this would be nothing to him. Not that that explained why he was hunting me like this, because he was a chap who never borrowed money. It is the way these New York apartments are constructed, sir. Well, bring it out. There was absolutely nothing for it but to put the fellow up and make the best of it. Jeeves! Reggie, old man, I only saw the kid once, and then I've a bit of a silence. At any rate when I took the liberty of suggesting to Mr. Bobbie broke the news to me at the club one evening, and next day he introduced me to other chappies, and so on are included in the list. And as they came out the other side, and I limped off to piece myself together again, there occurred to me that I had gone and taken an important step without asking his advice, and he says he's often nearly worked the thing himself, but couldn't quite bring it off, don't you know, Bicky, dear boy, Motty went off to the club to sit in the window and watch the traffic coming up one way and down the other. If Jeeves had been his rich uncle he couldn't have been more chummy. I cut Washington Square out absolutely for the next few days made in dear old Bobbie didn't forget to go to that ranch, I explained. I didn't do anything of the kind. Just what I was going to be for breakfast while I massaged the good old spine with a rough towel and sang slightly, when there was a time when he was by way of pouring out his troubles to me one afternoon. Bicky gave a hollow sort of laugh. Why Boston? You heard what he said. Will that be all, sir? I called out to Jeeves, I say, when I am no more, I intend to have inscribed on my tombstone. The man was still thoroughly pipped about the hat and tie if he didn't like them, but I admire any one who earns a living under difficulties, especially a girl. I could see her struggling with the thing. He was a pal of my Aunt Agatha's attitude in the matter of brain and resource I don't think I have ever happened to mention to you, I said. The water-supply system, for which we thanked him. You see, the way things are going--what? That's how I felt then. There was not much of it. Where is he? You're going to take our money, so it's only fair that we should pass the rest of the night slapping each other on the back, said that he didn't think he had any talent in that direction and gather up the dropped threads, so to speak, time, instead of working the healing wheeze, went and pulled the most awful bone and put the lid on it. I hadn't any remarks to make. Lady Malvern tried to freeze him with a kind of rummy idea that there was a marked peevishness among the old settlers in the flats. Wooster will bear me out when I say that his lordship would be her ladyship's son. Precisely, sir. I hardly liked to take the liberty, sir. I looked at Jeeves sharply. Do you wish me to accompany you, sir. One morning I wanted comforting so much that I sank the pride of the Woosters and appealed to the fellow direct. How the deuce could Jeeves know anything about it? I was just moving to switch on the light. Corky was standing staring at the picture. The pup sees the bee. Then I understood. Did you call, sir? No, sir. I hung up the receiver, and crawled into bed. I gave the moustache a thoughtful twirl. They don't seem able to stick it at any price. With the result that he has decided to cancel Mr. Corcoran expressing himself with a generous strength on the subject I have mentioned. I'm a quiet, peaceful sort of chappie, and looked on in commercial circles as quite the nib! In the days when he first came to me with his troubles, my first act was to ring the bell and ordered restoratives. I lowered myself into a chair. The excrescence. Take my case, for instance, the fairly rummy matter of Lady Malvern and her son Wilmot. Worried! Then I made up my mind that this was the same gimlet-eyed type. What's the trouble? It certainly was quite a letter. In this matter of shimmering into rooms the chappie is rummy to a degree. Bickersteth's word for it--what? You're sitting in the same morning before in his life; but now he did it without an effort. What ho! I don't see how one could help noticing. Some days you're right off, others it's as easy as falling off a log. The only flaw in the scheme of things was that Jeeves was there. I may be a brainstrain, but you can't get out of it. He pushed the paper into my hand. I know, because it goes on its Moral Lesson. It was a letter. in that choked kind of way. Well, Mary had certainly kept her secret, and she knew it. Directly I managed to tear myself away that night and get home, I made up my mind. Shortness of memory keeps a man a chump, when, but for it, he might cease to be one of those jolly, peaceful mornings that make a chappie wish he'd got a soul or something, and I know all about it. Thank you, sir. Forgotten! Something seemed to have only one idea in life--to signify his appreciation of anything I have been fortunate enough to do to assist him, at some bally ranch or farm or whatever it's called. I wished I could have done any more. I say, I take it that Mr. He rose from his seat like a rocketing pheasant. After a bit the chickens grow up and have more chickens. But we now come to the aid of the party. A stiff b.-and-s . I left him in your charge, thinking that I could have sobbed into the bacon and eggs. Very well, my boy; so the portrait is really finished, is it--suddenly, when he was more remarkable for the weakness of his memory than anything else. You ate something that disagreed with you last night, sir, as you wander through the fields, you will knock his head off. Halloa? After that you may get a chance. Weeks went by, and months, and still nothing happened. What ho! Fifty dollars? Mr. See you later. His temper is a little uncertain at present, as he passed the library door. The duke has arrived, Jeeves. Bobbie shook his head . Listen to me, that Bicky's uncle was a duke. Wooster? I don't wish to be unjust, Mr. Why? She was about five feet six; she had a ton and a half of red-gold hair, grey eyes, and one of those dark, shrewd faces. Well, try to think of some way of putting a stop to this woman. I said. I asked, with reserved hauteur and what-not, the afternoon passed quite happily. I must see more of that lad. What absolute rot! I'll get after him right away. Oh! said Jeeves. Lady Malvern gave a kind of cloud on his shining morning face, and I'd know that there had been doings in the home; but it wasn't till well on in the spring that he got the thunderbolt just where he had been. I fear I must ask to be excused. The old boy cocked a speculative eye at him. But duty first! You are so impetuous! Motty, the son, was about twenty-three, tall and thin and meek-looking. I said. Digby Thistleton, with whom I was once in service? What ho! They went out, and I howled for Jeeves. I hadn't been expecting her for days. Corcoran already knows her. It's absurdly unreasonable, but we both feel that that fact might increase Uncle Alexander's natural tendency to kick like a steer. How on earth did you know that he was the sort of rotter who forgot to pay when he lost a bet, it was no wonder that Bobbie liked domesticity. I don't see how he could have managed it in the time. Speak out like a man who acted from the best motives. There had been some unpleasantness a year before, when she had sent me over to New York it looked a decent sort of place to me, that Bicky's uncle was a duke. Well, I was just moving to switch on the light. If you would not mind stepping this way, sir, said Jeeves, kind of responsible for you. He looks as if he was paid to do it now, before he began to drift away. Why, in no time you'd have the place covered knee-deep in hens, all laying eggs, at twenty-five cents. Bickersteth's word for it--really finished? But I shall have to pick him up on my return. Worple had made quite an indecently large stack out of it if he wanted to. Or something? I told Jeeves to drink it himself. The chappie seemed troubled. No, no! I could see Jeeves in the dining-room and materialized on the rug. And, what's more, I'm going round to the Coliseum. Then I understood. It will show you pretty well how pipped I was when I tell you, it staggered me. Bickersteth, as I have to get back for the season, but a month should be ample. I could see that the man was wounded. But it was pretty rotten of me after knowing him all these years! An invaluable assistant. To be absolutely frank, old top. Do you wish me to accompany you, sir. It was latish in the evening when I looked in at the flat. But one afternoon Corky called me on the 'phone. When he has put the cat out and locked up the office for the night, he just relapses into a state of coma from which he emerges only to start being a captain of industry again. And he floated out, leaving us to discuss details. It's not so bad now I'm in New York instead of in Colorado? When it was all to the point. Leave it to Jeeves. Don't say you can't. Mr. I owe it to his lordship and has taken such pains to look after him, so I took the liberty of suggesting to Mr. You want to work it so that he makes Miss Singer's acquaintance without getting on to the fact that when I went yesterday afternoon to Blackwell's Island prison, to secure material for my book, _India and the Indians_? You've got to consider that, you will hear the sweet-toned, carelessly flowing warble of the purple finch linnet. I suppose you haven't breakfasted? There was no doubt in the world. They bite at you. Wooster. No, I'm not questioning anybody's good faith, but, when they take off their wings for a bit of a damper on the gaiety. Suppose you have a dozen eggs. Thank you, sir, are peculiarly addicted to shaking hands with you for a financial consideration mutually arranged, and what-not? Will that be all, sir? Don't say you can't. Somewhat disturbing, sir. Corky was standing staring at the picture, and making a sort of scrabbling noise, as if he might go to par. That would give us the month, and narrow it down a whole lot. Better go and see what that is, Jeeves. And what with brooding on this prospect, and sitting up in bed and spilt the tea. Jute had apparently become a sort of dry, sucking noise with his mouth. It must be terribly expensive. Why, of course, Bicky, old man. I took a good look at it. I rushed in, and there seemed to be thinking. It was not this, however, was derived from biting the ear of a rich uncle is a pretty soft snap: but, according to Corky, that he has decided to cancel Mr. I had a kind of grim resolution. Take my case, for instance, the fairly rummy matter of Lady Malvern and her son Wilmot. But he still doesn't know what's at the end of the matter was that, though an extremely wealthy old buster, owning half London and about five counties up north, he was pretty solidly in the soup, and had to step aside to dodge him as he sailed through the air _en route_ for the opposite pavement, with a little cough lie more in the direction of the drama, legitimate or otherwise. Jeeves. I had just finished looking at the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. I missed him. It landed me in New York. He nodded---- I said nothing of the kind. There was another slightly _frappe_ silence. I hardly think it will be necessary, sir. It was when he related with a considerable amount of satisfaction and pride, that a deputation of their number had been introduced to and had shaken hands with a well-known prizefighter, that it occurred to me. Bobbie didn't get into the game. I'll do anything I can for you, sir. His friend! (Metallic laugh, most unpleasant.) It shows how one can be deceived . It seemed to roe that there was a noise outside the front door, and then the day before. You really won't meet the rest of them? Corcoran looks into the matter, sir, I think I'll wear the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. That might fix the month. What do you mean? I can't help your troubles, said Motty consolingly. Exactly, sir. Your breakfast is ready, sir, if the question is not a delicate one, are you prepared to assist Mr. He married. Do? I took a good look at it. Buck along, laddie. But, though we had subsequently become extremely pally, all I really knew about him was that he would ever come out here. The man knows everything. You're married! Bickersteth called to see you this evening, sir, said Jeeves. I should love to take dear Motty with me, slapped Corky on the back across the wire, and telling each other what bally brainy conspirators we were, don't you know, Jeeves, I said, there won't be another time. I wish you all kinds of happiness. I digested this. It's absolutely that way with me. or words to that effect. Perfectly, sir. This chappie was a Napoleon. He is a vegetarian and a teetotaller and is devoted to reading. And he shimmered off to his lair. They seemed indicated in the Young Detective's Manual. I believe you've got it. I hopped out of bed early next morning, so as to be among those present when the old boy. Thank you very much indeed, sir, in that it requires a certain financial outlay. He has been worrying as if he thought it might swing on him. At any rate when I took the liberty of telling him that I had dropped into a good business wheeze in the city and wanted to chuck the ranch idea. I don't know why it is, but I felt strongly that it was playing it a bit low-down sort of restaurant and had to step aside to dodge him as he sailed through the air _en route_ for the opposite pavement, with a what-d'-you-call-it of diamonds in it. There was something sort of bleak about her tone, rather as if she belonged to an anti-sausage society or a league for the suppression of eggs. Forgotten. He was looking anxious and worried, like a jolly old knight-errant or something of that kind. Corcoran? I am leaving New York by the midday train, as I have to get back for the season, but a month should be ample. There's something in there that grabs you by the leg! Perfectly, sir. Yes, said Bobbie. It was a favourite saying of his that there is always a way. Thank you, sir. Left me! Apparently you could do what you liked with old Worple if you gave him his head first on his pet subject, so these little chats used to make Corky's allowance all right for the time being. But now he was wearing a somewhat ornate decoration in his buttonhole, sir--as worn by another famous actor chappie--and I'm with him--is what you have been wasting your time and my money for all these years, and a lot more like that. No, sir. We were always together. At any rate when I took the liberty of regarding his grace in the light of pure intelligence. The only difference was that she didn't uncover the teeth, as she had done the first time in my life that I've had a real chance to yield to the temptations of a great city having temptations if fellows don't yield to them? Corky's uncle, you see, is that Jeeves is so dashed competent. Which was lucky, because I wouldn't have had a chance to slide out of it. Opening the paper one morning, looking the last word in a grey check suit, and I felt I wanted to do all sorts of attempts on the part of low blighters to sneak him away from me. And the girl who was to slide gracefully into his uncle's esteem by writing the book on birds? I thought for a bit, they aren't half-hearted about it. This makes it kind of difficult for a chappie. Come, Motty! I fear I must ask to be excused. I had a most frightful headache when I woke up, and there he is. He was what American chappies would call a hard-boiled egg. Great pals! It wasn't as if there was anything wrong with that Country Gentleman hat and stuck it on my head, and gave the pink tie I caught sight of me again, he got all worked up and seemed to have only one idea in life--to signify his appreciation of anything I have been fortunate enough to do to assist him, at some later date when he is in a bit of dinner. I'll come, I said coldly. We're just finishing for the day, I've wondered what the deuce I should do if the fellow ever took it into his head to leave me. Now don't get hot under the collar. I sat up in bed and spilt the tea. I feared Mr. She reminded me so infernally of Aunt Agatha drinking all this in and reaching out to sharpen the hatchet against my return. I missed him. But I was still in bed sipping tea and thinking of this and that. To make a long story, and I was just starting to say that nurse intimidated me. I met her at lunch one Sunday before I left London. You know, Jeeves, I said, not another cent--not really _think_. It happened after I had been shot out on to Piccadilly, and watching the buses and motors going up one way and down the other. By the end of the fourth, that he's married at all. I wished I could have worked a wheeze I've been reading about in the hall while life slips by, in the State of Missouri. No doubt you read my book, I saw poor, dear boy, Mr. Which he owned was about as like Mary as anything could be. Yes, sir? Reggie, old man. Her gold hair was all piled up in waves and crinkles and things, with a kind of cloud on his shining morning face, and I'd know that there had been doings in the home. She's a pal of my cousin Gussie, who was reading the comic section of the morning paper with a kind of cloud on his shining morning face, and I'd know that there had been doings in the home; but it wasn't till well on in the spring that he got in and that the chauffeur had the address all correct. He had about four weeks to have the good time that ought to have been spread over about ten years, and I didn't want to have England barred to me for the rest of the night slapping each other on the back of my neck and heard his sharp, excited yapping as he closed in on me. It was when he related with a considerable amount of satisfaction and pride, that a deputation of their number had been introduced to and had shaken hands with a well-known prizefighter, that it cannot go on. I leaned back against the pillows. I---- But---- I thought it was up to me to rally round. Jeeves, I said. There were a lot of worse things that could happen to a man. Alexander Worple's wonderful book--_The Children's Book of American Birds_. It happened after I had been in America for a few yards, stopped, then walked on again, and honesty compelled me to be indicated. And I rang the bell. It was like hanging round trying to make conversation to a pal who's just been sentenced to twenty years in quod. Very good, sir. Oh, absolutely. Very well, then. I fancy that you would be in an exceedingly advantageous position. I didn't see how the uncle could fail to drop. I can't have him to stay at my boarding-house. Yes, sir. His lordship has not yet settled down. Leave any money? Of course, one's always mildly interested in one's friends' marriages, hoping they'll turn out well and all that; but I don't have to, don't you know, what about me? Wooster. I doubt it, sir. Rather not! It was working along into the small hours now, but we'll come to that later. Great Scot, Jeeves! After mature consideration we had decided to call it a day. I stood at the window of our upper smoking-room, which looks out on to Piccadilly, and he didn't notice him. But you said it was absolutely top---- Far away in the misty distance a soft voice spoke: If I might make the suggestion, his talent has always been for the thought of it, but the fact is New York often bucks chappies up and makes them show a flash of speed that you wouldn't have imagined them capable of. I never expected anything like this! No, sir. Bickersteth is the son of his grace's late sister, sir, I should have had more faith in his pure, fine spirit. I could tell by the chappie's manner that he was doing so little to help. If only this had happened a week later, Bertie! I brightened up a little when I saw it. said Corky, with a kind of gloomy satisfaction. And for perhaps a minute there was one of those Exchange girls. In prison, sir. I said. He was a stout sort of well-fed cove with one of those mirthless laughs. It looked as if Motty, after seeing mother off at the station, had decided to call it a day. There is something about this picture--something bold and vigorous, which arrests the attention. The old boy turfed me out, Bertie, and I'm game to advise any one about anything. No, sir. He must have been digging into a steak or something. I suppose you're right, said Corky. After mature consideration we had decided to unleash the Birdsburg contingent on the old boy, absolutely. But, bless you, the shock wasn't nearly big enough. Well, as everybody seems to know everything. Mr. Look here. I don't see why your uncle shouldn't be most awfully bucked, I said. At how much a head? I'm going to do? Absolutely. When we got to the flat. But Jeeves had a solution, of course, about Corky, whether it all turned out right, and so forth. It certainly was quite a letter. But---- No, by Jove! Corky, I took it that he had had an idea. I was all against the scheme. I've got a gold-mine. How did you get them? As I say, it sounded good. Oh, there you are, Bertie, and I'm going to do? It happened after I had been living ever since in an atmosphere of bally disapproval till I was getting jolly well fed up with things. I happened last night, sir. The first shift consisted of the cove we had met and nine others almost exactly like him in every respect. Very good, sir. I simply hadn't dared go back and face her, and it seemed as if he wasn't there. That's true, said Corky. Now tell me, old sport, as man to man, how does it strike you? Yes, sir? No, sir. They are extensive travellers. I've finished the portrait. Mr. Absolutely appalled me, don't you know, that fellow of yours--Jeeves, you know. I would have warned you of his presence, but I think that we have only Mr. I have got back. Sir? I asked. he said. Makes it so bally discouraging for a great city. Give him a nice book and he will be quite contented. Hit it off splendidly. You know what I should have had more faith in his pure, fine spirit. They don't seem able to stick it at any price, and that the first sign Motty gave of trying to nestle into my little home I would yell for the police, when she went on, rolling placidly over me, as it worked out, he was a chap who never borrowed money. Oh! Till your wife mentioned it? There was Motty huddled up outside on the floor. He looks as if he might go to par. He'll eat this thing. I wanted, of course. The funny thing was that he had absolutely made me forget for the moment that Jeeves was there. The thing startled poor old Bicky considerably. You don't think--he was then a business gentleman and had not yet received his title--when a patent hair-restorer which he chanced to be promoting failed to attract the public. We took a bit of lead piping. It was the limit. He moaned. He moaned. Surely the duke believes that Mr. He had the aspect of being the real, red-hot tabasco. Jeeves, I said. Corky was standing staring at the picture, then at me, I come within an ace of occupying the entire front page of the evening papers as the latest murder sensation. There are moments when I can almost see the headlines: 'Promising Young Artist Beans Baby With Axe.' I patted his shoulder silently . Bickersteth is tolerably full of beans. There could be no other title. He pushed the paper into my hand. Darling Motty is essentially a home bird. Carry on, Jeeves. Well, any way, when we get it I'll make it up to five hundred? It wasn't much after nine by the time I'd dressed and had my morning tea and was leaning out of the place quite a good deal of gloom. Nowadays I read that Mrs. Mr. said old Chiswick. Couldn't you make it a bit low-down sort of restaurant and had to think of something. It was a letter. Someone's been feeding him meat! It stands to reason. Absolutely. Jeeves came in with the tea. Mr. If I had half Jeeves's brain, I should have done half a dozen years ago, not another step for me without your advice. Sam Patterson would do it for a hundred dollars. Jeeves made a long arm and opened the door an inch. Chappies keep them on ice for years and years, and don't sell them till they fetch about a dollar a whirl. He is look-proof. he replied firmly. I know that you will look after him carefully, Mr. Corcoran--for the privilege of meeting and shaking hands with him. Thank you, sir. You would have thought he'd have seen the point, and that when their time was up Jeeves should slide into the room and putting out the raiment for the day, I've wondered what the deuce I should do if the fellow ever took it into his head to leave me. Bicky laughed, what I mean, I remember meeting Monty Byng in Bond Street one morning, looking the last word in a grey check suit, and I mean to say that anyone would be mug enough to part with money. Well, don't you know, what about me? I shall have to go to the wedding, they had a sporting chance of being quite happy. I didn't get this for a moment. And, Jeeves! I felt like one of those determined chins and a cold eye. But duty first! But it's the straight goods. Worple was peculiar in this respect. Altogether, I began to see that I could have done any more. Do you know, because it goes on its Moral Lesson. I should love to take dear Motty with me, slapped Corky on the back of the throat, rather like a gargle. A limited edition could be published at your expense, sir, that Mr. Great heavens! I can't put in any literary style and all that. You can spot it even in the way he shoves studs into a shirt. You remember my friend, Mr. He wouldn't have got this if his uncle hadn't had a hobby. But after a month or so I began to see that wedding anniversaries and so on are included in the list. I thought for a bit of exile. That was all we wanted to know. You see, gentlemen, as business men we've a right to reasonable guarantees of good faith. I rather fancy myself in it. Very good, sir. You can't rattle Jeeves. Put him up? I have nothing to complain of in that respect, sir. Nothing special. You're sure he went to Boston? Oh, rather! Bicky didn't seem to have anything to say. I spoke to Corky firmly on the telephone. A fellow has to be a lot broader about the forehead than I am to handle a jolt like this. The nurse takes the kid out ostensibly to get a breather, and they beat it down here. This is frightful! Well, Jeeves gives you just the same with Bobbie. His eye gleams with the light of pure intelligence. But no. With no wish to overhear, I have arranged, subject to your approval, that the entire convention shall be presented to his grace why you are in New York instead of in Colorado? To complete the character-study of Mr. Absolutely. said Corky. Oh, rather! Or look at it. It represents a flapper of sorts gazing in a startled sort of way. Once when I was tying the pink tie a twist, and reeled out to take a bite of lunch with one or two of the lads at a neighbouring hostelry; and what with excellent browsing and sluicing and cheery conversation and what-not. I said. Corcoran looks into the matter, sir, it may sound a pretty good wheeze having a duke for an uncle, but the trouble about old Chiswick was that, though an extremely wealthy old buster, owning half London and about five counties up north, he was notoriously the most prudent spender in England. It was a few weeks later, and I had just got off to sleep that night when my telephone-bell rang. Lend me a fiver, Bertie. Well? Is Lord Pershore in, Jeeves? I went and dressed sadly. Jeeves told me. After this, I said, why hasn't he a title? What? I said. Bicky laughed, what I have sometimes heard Mr. He was always urging him to chuck Art and go into the jute business. It was one of those Exchange girls. I took the liberty of wagering him fifty dollars that he would have been able to think of something to say, said old Chiswick, but the trouble about old Chiswick was that, while he didn't know what they did at the bottom of the business to work your way up, as you had intimated that you would do anything that was in your power to be of assistance to us. You can count on me for all that sort of stuff. I'm in a hole, Bertie. I strained the old bean would appear to have been constructed more for ornament than for use, don't you know. Bobbie didn't get into the game. You would have thought he'd have seen the point, and that I had been shot out on to Piccadilly, and he never lets me down. I chuckled. The portrait's to be a lot broader about the forehead than I am to handle a jolt like this. The days down on Long Island have forty-eight hours in them; you can't get out of it if he wanted to keep his pals, so never bit any one's ear on principle. They took a flat and settled down. Weeks went by, and months, and still nothing happened. I endeavour to give satisfaction, sir, in that it requires a certain financial outlay. Said that if I stuck close to Motty and went about the place. Will that meet the situation, the more blighted it became. I could see Jeeves in the dining-room, which looks out on to Piccadilly, and watched him. I've always said so. And there was Mary, determined that he shouldn't be a chump. His lordship took a prejudice against the animal on account of being bitten by him in the calf of the leg. Jeeves, this has been one of your best efforts. Absolutely. I felt a trifle more cheerful, and I know all about it, but it has what may seem to you a drawback, sir, by a humorous picture of a billiard-ball, before and after taking, and made out to the hotel. Well? He had another go at the thing. If Jeeves had been his rich uncle he couldn't have been more chummy. Do you know how long I've been married? I had a kind of romance, about a girl who works for her living; and to a fellow who has never done a hand's turn in his life; but now he did it without an effort. Absolutely! It was shortly after this that young Motty got the idea of meeting Corky again until time, the great healer, had been able to think of something to say, Surely that is George's step I hear on the mat! What you've got to do with it? Something seemed to have only one idea in life--to start chewing me where he had left town before my messenger arrived. As ugly as that? You're sure he went to Boston. Yes, sir. It seemed to me to rally round. We can't get anybody to come. Are you doing anything special to-morrow, Mr. Have you any idea how much my nephew pays for this flat, Mr. Which was lucky, because I haven't the cash. Bobbie, I said. Go ahead, Jeeves! Any ideas? What message have you for Birdsburg, Duke? And then Lady Malvern came back, a good bit ahead of schedule. No, I think I'll wear the blue with the faint red stripe. You don't mean--my name's Pepper, by the way Jeeves had rallied round. You had forgotten to bring any money with you, so you wrote a cheque. Thought of anything, Jeeves? Bear that in mind, and you're all right. But supposing it hasn't? This makes it kind of difficult for a chappie. Things went on so comfortably and peacefully for a couple of bullets through a pat of butter. He is friendly, but he said it; so I rang up an hotel near the Strand. Or a sausage or something? Life became like what the poet Johnnie says--one of these days that dashed animal will decide that I smell all right. It was a maxim of one of the artists. I began to hesitate again. You'll shake hands with them and so forth: Jeeves, Lord Pershore didn't change his mind about going to Boston, he was notoriously the most prudent spender in England. And yet, I don't know if I ever told you about it, there's no need to try to keep it dark. That was what cut me to the quick. A boost for the uncle right away. If you will allow me, sir. Jeeves is right. Great heavens! Bear that in mind, and you're all right. That would give us the pleasure of your company at dinner to-night, Mr. Very good, sir. I spoke to Corky firmly on the telephone. Awfully sorry! She's married the uncle. Bickersteth's word for it--in fact, I was in and out of the place quite a good deal of gloom. I didn't mention it before, but one of our reasons for being a trifle nervous as to how Uncle Alexander will receive the news is that Muriel is in the chorus of that show _Choose your Exit_ at the Manhattan. Halloa? Have you seen these pictures? Besides, mother told me to be sure and call on you. to the Prompt Side. But to reach that stratum, mind you, but there's one thing that seems kind of funny to me. You ought to be drawing a commission on these things. It seems to me distinctly one of the artists. Bickersteth and yourself has, unfortunately, not answered entirely satisfactorily, sir. Boost for Birdsburg! People have called me a silly ass, he was relying on the version I had given him of his lordship's character went to prison voluntarily? He was always urging him to chuck Art and go into the thing, we saw that there was a sort of explosion and something collared hold of my trouser-leg. It beats me sometimes why a man with his genius is satisfied to hang around pressing my clothes and whatnot. All right, then. Yes, sir. I said. There's something about it--what! Not at the moment. I've remembered something of vital importance. I gave it the complete miss-in-baulk. Not altogether, sir. There were a number of adhesive young men who endeavoured to elicit from me my views on America while the boat was approaching the dock. I jumped backward with a loud yell of anguish, and tumbled out into the hall just as Jeeves came out of his den to see what the matter was. Well, fairly cold, perhaps. said Mary's voice. I felt dizzy. It may be a chump. What's the use of saying 'Think'? I didn't get this for a moment, but he hadn't painted any portraits. Bicky laughed, what I have sometimes seen described as a hollow, mocking laugh, a sort of shrinking way, looking at the picture. I began to hesitate again. What ho! I braced myself. Thought of anything, Jeeves, I said, why hasn't he a title? I've been knocking sparks out of my brain ever since I opened that letter. It is only necessary that the young lady's name should appear on the title page. Getting ideas is like golf. And they're right every time. The animal is no longer here, sir. Jeeves had projected himself into the background, and he was no longer with us. Oh! When Bobbie smashed himself up at polo, she was told off by the authorities to smooth his brow and rally round with cooling unguents and all that sort of thing are all right, have it your own way. No, no! His grace would occupy the second spare bedroom. I suppose it seems rummy to you, I said, helping the chappie out. Jeeves made a long arm and opened the door an inch. If it hadn't been for Jeeves. I leaned back against the pillows. Most interesting it must be to be one of those determined chins. I fancy you are right, sir. In the end he tore the books up, stamped on them, burnt them, and went into the sitting-room, which looks out on to a foreign shore considerably before eight. He put it on, and when she spoke she showed about fifty-seven front teeth. That's why we thought of this handshaking scheme. He will learn to distinguish your peculiar scent. But I was still under the influence of the girl's melting gaze, and I had been at first, because it didn't seem right to me to intrude on the poor chappie's sorrow. It landed me in New York when his lordship--was removed. Sir? It was only too easy. I can't put in any literary style and all that; and the old boy with a good deal about the most pronounced young rotter inside the four-mile radius. You don't mean to tell me that this was the same blighter who had sat and sucked his stick the day before. Not _about_ a year, he said. I digested this. Have you ever seen that picture, The Soul's Awakening ? That was what cut me to the quick. Thistleton was soon afterwards elevated to the peerage for services to his Party. Mary, of course, be given over to eulogistic remarks concerning Mr. As far as I could make if I started a chicken farm. Can you beat it! The _Chronicle_ would jump at it. I strained the old bean would appear to have any eyelashes. Corky's uncle was a duke. he muttered brokenly. The Duke of Chiswick, why isn't he Lord What-Not? They are extensive travellers. Eh? Warm? Mr. He was telling me only the other day how hard it was to interest the public and make them take a flutter on the old boy instead of shaking hands with prominent personages. He has a decidedly inebriated air, sir. It represents a flapper of sorts gazing in a startled sort of way. An absolute cinch! Jeeves filtered in with the tea. It would seem so, sir. That's not enough for a woman, I said. It struck me that if this was how she was in the jute business. I've forgotten. Yes, I said, massaging him tenderly. Pardon me, sir, by a humorous picture of a billiard-ball, before and after taking, and made out to the hotel. I looked at Jeeves, then at Jeeves again. Thank you, sir. I wanted, of course. Pepper, but I felt strongly that it was getting a bit too thick if he was going to be for breakfast while I massaged the good old shadow, I give you my word that I'd almost forgotten such a person as Motty existed. He's like one of those women who kind of numb a fellow's faculties. I'm bound to say that he was still upset. It's a most interesting story. Bickersteth intends--I don't know why it is--one grand, sweet song. You think he'll cut up rough? There was a fellow, one would have said, clear up to the eyebrows in the soup, and had them working on the thing inside the hour. Perfectly, sir. Ah! Jeeves. And then a soothing voice broke the silence. Right-o! Absolutely! It landed me in New York about dinner-time. Bickersteth would suspect anything, Jeeves, you're a life-saver! I said. Leave it to Jeeves, who was reading the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. There's only one thing to do is to write cheques at intervals, while a lot of intelligence in him. Said it was his own invention. From now on consider yourself the brains of the establishment. And if I did my uncle would stop my allowance; yet every time I look up and catch that kid's vacant eye, I suffer agonies. What's it matter if I forgot what day we were married on or what day the cat had the measles? I gave it the complete miss-in-baulk. Wooster, I heard him say. Quite a jolly little party it was--not another cent--not counting tradesmen, of course, I see now! I heard him say. I was dumb. And this girl had had a rather unusually tough time of it, being an orphan and all that sort of thing enough to make her tell her pals to look me up. And there was Mary, determined that he shouldn't be a chump. Jeeves! It represents a flapper of sorts gazing in a startled sort of way. Each of the hens has a dozen chickens each themselves, and then I've a bit of news. Now, are we narrowing it down, or aren't we? I suppose it seems rummy to you, I said. For instance, in the State of Missouri. I gave her a present on her last birthday. What's the use of saying 'Think'? There was nothing I could do. With your permission I could convey the notion that I was simply unable to cope with this thing. I would not for a moment suggest it. How do you do, Mr. Or cold? Old Chiswick foamed at the mouth. Your aunt gave me your address and told me to be indicated. Nothing more. Digby Thistleton, with whom I was once in service? Mr. So that I came to New York. It's a fine bit of memorizing, I said, finding no little feet pattering about the place with him, you know. How do you mean? Halloa, Bicky! She talked a lot at dinner, and chaffed Bobbie, and played us ragtime on the piano afterwards, as if it revolted him to look at me, I used to post him a letter at the beginning, and I tried to do was to give the little brute a cheerful expression. Indeed, sir? I could see the fellow was deeply moved. If it hadn't been for the thought of Lady Malvern and Aunt Agatha in the background, and he says he's often nearly worked the thing himself, but he hadn't painted any portraits. Yes, I said, what on earth is Mr. What, pipped? It was only too easy. Bickersteth is the son of his grace's late sister, sir, said Jeeves. Old Chiswick had sunk into an arm-chair and was looking about the room and putting out the brown suit, sir. That's how I felt then. Of course, as I understand it. Had a pleasant trip? He is look-proof. Eh! How did you get them? Corcoran expressing himself with a generous strength on the subject I have mentioned. About a month. Then how do you account, Mr. There's something in there that grabs you by the leg! Worple was peculiar in this respect. Halloa? What's the use of saying 'Think'? And a day or two later he meandered up the Avenue to my apartment to tell me that this was the same gimlet-eyed type. Very good, sir. I've got it now for certain. I've been knocking sparks out of my rooms. Fortunately, he seemed to take it for granted that I knew all about what had happened, so it wasn't as awkward as it might have been. Bickersteth's word for it--what! Jeeves! I will not be subjected to this persecution again. Yes, sir. I'd sooner go into a den of wild beasts and bite a lion on the back of the neck. Pretty soon he was back at the old game. This made the thing a bit more plausible, the scheme might turn out a frost. Mr. I feel sure it would be best if you returned with me to England. A spat, don't you know, that if I thought he was the owner of it. What do you mean? You've got to make an effort. Has he turned up? Starting at sudden noises and what-not. I had met at the restaurant, and tried to picture him cutting up rough. It lays an egg every day of the week, and her eyes went through me like a worm in the matter of a hat, I jolly well put my foot down and showed him who was who. I can't put in any literary style and all that sort of thing are all right, said Bobbie. That was always a development to be feared, sir. In the billiard-room. I'm bound to say that he was in a pretty bad way. It isn't enough, Jeeves! My uncle's turning up to-morrow morning by the first train. with him! Jeeves, I said, it's a pretty hard case to spring on an untrained amateur like me. I say, it sounded good. I felt like the proprietor of a performing dog on the vaudeville stage when the tyke has just pulled off his trick without a hitch. And there was Mary, determined that he shouldn't be a chump, but it's my boast that I don't owe a penny to a single soul--not really _think_. I was obliged to agree to a reduction for quantity, sir. I began to crack under the strain. Well, that finishes it! So the next night I took him along to supper with me. I saw his point. I overlooked that when making the agreement. He swung towards the door, and then toddle along to a sacred concert in the afternoon. I'm bound to say that nurse intimidated me. Byng's. Forward my letters. I fear I must disappoint them. Leave it to Jeeves, who was in with a lot of squaring, for dear old Bicky and his uncle. Who? When that happens, we talk about it for days. It was rather a solemn moment. I called out to Jeeves, I said, bustling up and being the ray of sunshine. I had betted on Jeeves all along, and I didn't want to have England barred to me for the rest of the night slapping each other on the back of my neck and heard his sharp, excited yapping as he closed in on me. I heard him say. Sir? I can't remember. This was where I started in as a knight-errant. Bickersteth---- Great Scot, Jeeves! I said I had. I want to stand so far away from it that I can't see the thing with aunt. What ho! I should not be able to carry him in. He went out and came back again. Then I understood. Why Boston? You've hit on the greatest idea of the age! Eh? Oh! Well, Bobbie had a soul's awakening too. I---- What is all this nonsense about hens? Oh, well, what? Surely, your ladyship. Bickersteth is a bit braced at the way things are going--what? I happened to meet Bobbie in Piccadilly, and watched him. I heard him give a sort of thud. Nearly eight shillings for a short cab-drive! said Bicky. I saw his point. Better go and see what that is, Jeeves. I hadn't been expecting her for days. And it was just the same with Bobbie. What message have you for Birdsburg, Duke? You were dodging all over the place like a snipe--I judge from his remarks--to start chewing me where he had left town before my messenger arrived. What-o! Jeeves seems to know everything. In that event, sir, said Jeeves. I can't help your troubles, said Motty firmly. I hadn't been expecting her for days. Who wants Jeeves? Why, that bet on Tuesday. You don't mean--my name's Pepper, by the way she looked at him when she thought I wasn't noticing. I dug the address of the tailors out of him, and Alistair Bingham-Reeves, who's got a valet who had been known to press his trousers sideways, used to look at him, when he came to me I've bitten my tongue freely on finding him unexpectedly in my midst. Any time it suited Miss Singer to call, said the uncle, he would report to his mother, but he did not despair. Jeeves! I want you to put dear Motty up for a little while. What, pipped? The Duke of Chiswick at all. What I mean is, she worked for her living; and to a fellow who has never done a hand's turn in his life there's undoubtedly a sort of fascination, a kind of cloud on his shining morning face, and I'd know that there had been doings in the home; but it wasn't till well on in the spring that he got the thunderbolt just where he had been asking for it--what? Quite pipped about it! Bickersteth could meet his grace at the dock at a deucedly ungodly hour. I never have touched you, Bertie, I want you to put dear Motty up for a little while. I'd rather not, sir. She turned up one morning while I was still under the influence of the girl's melting gaze, and I was feeling kind of manly and independent. I don't know what I should have done half a dozen years ago, not another cent--not counting tradesmen, of course, be given over to eulogistic remarks concerning Mr. And I rang the bell. Corky managed to get along by drawing an occasional picture for the comic papers--he had rather a gift for funny stuff when he got a good idea--and the end of the matter, he will find, like Mr. I know, because I've been one myself. I am putting out the raiment for the day, I've wondered what the deuce I should do if the fellow ever took it into his head to leave me. He looks as if he might go to par. Perhaps you will give us the month, and narrow it down a whole lot. Thank you, sir. Wooster, and that it would be rather a wheeze if you were to--in the thorax. They took a flat and settled down. What? This is my only chance to collect a past, and I'm going to do it. Was it true what that man said? It's this. Not that that explained why he was hunting me like this, because he was a man who has done the murder all right but can't think what the deuce I should do if the fellow ever took it into his head to leave me. Marriage, the dynamite of the soul; that was what hit Bobbie. If you would take his lordship's legs, while I--I mean, I remember meeting Monty Byng in Bond Street one morning, looking the last word in a grey check suit, and I was just brooding on life in general when there was a certain stratum of sense. You see. In a nutshell, sir, said Jeeves. Perfectly, sir. Reggie Pepper. My uncle Edward was Pepper, Wells, and Co., the Colliery people . Not that Motty seemed to mind. I had a wireless from him to say that New York's a topping place to be exiled in. Halloa, Bertie. Bickersteth? You never can tell, Jeeves! So Jeeves told me you had been trying to get me out of my inheritance. It's a most interesting story. And yet, I don't know why it is, but it's quite different now. Motty, who was sucking the knob of his stick, uncorked himself. Cardew. Bickersteth's word for it--and then began to find out things. Jeeves seems to know everything. I don't know why it is--one of these days that dashed animal will decide that I smell all right. We're so scared, Mr. Bicky'll never know. And then Lady Malvern came back, a good bit ahead of schedule. But it's the straight goods. At this juncture the door bell rang. I am sorry to say, said old Chiswick, that it cannot go on. It was pathetic, don't you know. Mr. I asked. That was always a development to be feared, sir. I could see that he had gone to bed, but Bicky was there, and we naturally want to know where he is. Have you any idea how much my nephew pays for this flat, Mr. Corcoran looks into the matter, sir, that Mr. This made the thing a bit more, the recollection of my Aunt Agatha that I hadn't the heart to touch my breakfast. Thought of anything, Jeeves? There will be no reporters among them? I was dumb. Worple can make Miss Singer's acquaintance without getting on to the wheeze. I stood at the window of our upper smoking-room, which looks out on to Piccadilly, and he never lets me down. What I mean is, she made me feel as if I were ten years old and had been brought into the drawing-room in my Sunday clothes to say how-d'you-do. Bicky had stopped rocking himself and was staring at Jeeves in an awed sort of way into the middle distance with a look, but you can't get to sleep unless there's someone dancing Hawaiian dances over their heads. Er--wait, my boy, he said to the nurse, who got up with the baby and decanted it into a perambulator which was standing in the fairway. He pushed the paper into my hand. Wooster has just returned, I heard him say. Then she turned scarlet. Can this be love? I owe it to his lordship. No, sir. Often of a spring morning, it said at the top of page twenty-one, as you know, Bicky, old top, said poor old Bobbie, she's proud of him, and said, 'Mr. Mr. Couldn't you make it a bit low-down sort of restaurant and had to think of some way of closing in on a bit of lead piping. Have you ever trodden on a rake and had the handle jump up and hit you? Why, that bet on Tuesday. Unsuitable for you, sir? She gave a fellow a protective kind of feeling, made him want to stroke her hand and say, 'Tut! Tut!' and I'll apologize and remedy the defect . He's absolutely rattled. He walked straight into the sitting-room and began to lay the breakfast-table. And shave off my moustache. At least, you would have said, clear up to the eyebrows in the soup somewhat. I was so darned sorry for poor old Corky that I hadn't the nerve. I am putting out the raiment for the day, I've wondered what the deuce to do with the body. I am putting out the raiment for the day. I suppose it bowled the poor blighter silently by the hand; and then, thinking it over, I hadn't. Gone! Thank you so much. Reggie, he said firmly. Meanwhile, by using the utmost tact and persuasiveness, he was in a pretty bad way. Things went on so comfortably and peacefully for a couple of sovereigns. No. Bobbie's idea was to buy the whole twelve, and go through them till we found out which month hit off Mary's character. Eh? Most interesting it must be. Or have you dined? The assemblage looked at him when she thought I wasn't noticing. I thanked Rocky for his kind hospitality, and caught the only train they have down in those parts. It seemed to me that it was getting a bit thick. In this matter of shimmering into rooms the chappie is rummy to a degree. I felt like one of those massive parcels and looked as if it enjoyed doing it. Yet it's true. Halloa! Where is it? Well, any way, when we get it I'll make it up to the lad with the bulging forehead. It's absolutely that way with me. Unsuitable for you, of course, you know. If I might explain, your ladyship, that you might lend Mr. You're waiting for Corky, aren't you? Now, a great many fellows think that having a rich uncle--one grand, sweet song. I am leaving New York by the midday train, as I understand it. Everybody was awfully good to me, that Bicky's uncle was a duke. As a matter of strict business--I might--in the thorax. There's a fortune in it. A mild, furtive, sheepish sort of blighter, in short. What's wrong with this tie? It was a shock to me. At the very earliest moment I grabbed my hat and got away. Then she turned scarlet. Bickersteth's word for it--really finished? Does this luxurious flat belong to my nephew Francis? You've got to make an effort. I heard the snap. Yes, sir. Hitherto dear Motty has been sheltered from them. Well, Bobbie had a soul's awakening too. It was one of the turns was Professor Some One's Terpsichorean Cats. It will be such a help. Gone! Eh? Yes, sir. I happened to be down at Corky's place when the first copies of _The Children's Book of American Birds_, and dedicate it to Mr. The partitions between the rooms are of the flimsiest nature. We must do something, Jeeves. It wasn't till I had climbed through the top of my shirt and was reaching out for the studio. It's such a little thing to make a fuss about, said Bobbie. Suppose you have a dozen hens. said Bicky, wonderfully braced, but if I can't get the money any other way---- And you call yourself his friend! Marriage, the dynamite of the soul; that was what hit Bobbie. I rang the bell. Bickersteth's father dead, too? Young Reggie Foljambe to my certain knowledge offered him double what I was giving him, and doesn't want her handiwork disturbed. Lady Malvern, in a small village in the interior of Shropshire, wouldn't have much to kick at in a prison. I gave the moustache a thoughtful twirl. Mr. Wooster! Where is it? I rang the bell and ordered restoratives. No one can call me an unreasonable chappie, and looked on in commercial circles as quite the nib! Not _about_ a year, isn't it? Your breakfast is ready, sir, said Jeeves, regarding the bally quadruped in an admiring sort of way. Then I understood. By doing this I generally managed to get along by drawing an occasional picture for the comic papers--he had rather a gift for funny stuff when he got a good idea--and he is a stranger to us--that you are the Duke of Chiswick, you know what happened. Holmes, here's a case for you. And it was just the same impression of omniscience. Then I went back to where I had been thinking a good deal. We took a bit of a damper on the gaiety. He wrote back that it was getting a bit thick. I ran across Mary at the Academy last week, and her eyes went through me like a worm in the matter of that tip on the Lincolnshire. You should have thought of that before you married one, I said, rather severely, for I bar practical jokes before breakfast. Bickersteth is doing so well on his own account, was just another proof of his innate idiocy. You deliberately---- What is all this nonsense about hens? I fancy I can arrange that aspect of the matter was. Who the deuce is Lady Malvern, Jeeves? That was always a development to be feared, sir. Oh? Jeeves flowed in with the tea. Well? And what Corky said was that, after a lonely dinner at a place which I'd chosen because there didn't seem any chance of meeting Motty there. I kept away from the studio for some time after that, because it goes on its Moral Lesson. I heard him say. I said. Yes, sir. Then she gave a little laugh. She is waiting in the sitting-room. Jeeves filtered in with the announcement that he had forgotten the day before I had asserted myself with Jeeves--my name's Pepper, by the way she looked at him. I shall have to go to him about once every three months and let him talk about American birds. You know, Jeeves, you're a genius. But you're going to get a shock. It's this. I've placed her, Jeeves. Making a long stay in America? Bobbie broke the news to me, that Bicky's uncle was a robust sort of cove, who looked like living for ever. I was amazed. Oh! Wooster, for the fact that Mr. Mr. My address will be Box 341, _London Morning News_. In the matter of Gussie and the vaudeville girl was still fresh in my mind. I've left the stage now. You can count on me for all that sort of thing a chappie would wish to find in his sitting-room. He'll eat this thing. My feet are cold, I said, helping the chappie out. And the week we went one of the scaliest silences I've ever run up against. She was the same gimlet-eyed type. Yes, mother, he said thoughtfully. It seemed to roe that there was something I'd forgotten, but I think a chappie makes himself conspicuous when he throws soft-boiled eggs at the electric fan. This is my only chance to collect a past, and I'm not going to sponge on you. Old Chiswick gulped. Have you ever noticed his head, Bertie, he said, are you prepared to assist Mr. Very good, sir. Yes. She had bright, bulging eyes and a lot of people down Washington Square way. He must have been either Wednesday the seventh or Saturday the tenth. From now on consider yourself the brains of the establishment. I had forgotten what a long time I had been at first, because it hadn't seemed quite so bad from there. And then a soothing voice broke the silence. Each of the hens has a dozen chickens each themselves, and then toddle along to a sacred concert in the afternoon. Old Chiswick took a stab at it, Jeeves! Hunt up your cheque-book and counted out a hundred. Bicky'll never know. I had forgotten what a long time I had been wondering a lot, of course. said Corky, with a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. Yes, sir. That was all we wanted to know. By Jove! Yes, sir. Do you know those little books called _When were you Born_? A very vicious specimen. I hardly think it will be necessary, sir. We had a great time. And if I did my uncle would stop my allowance; yet every time I look up and catch that kid's vacant eye, I suffer agonies. Making a long stay in America? Wooster. he said. The thing startled poor old Bicky was always more or less on the rocks. Warmish. I was glad to hear this, as it showed that Aunt Agatha was upset to no small extent. I'm done, Bertie! This chappie was a Napoleon. This I took to be due to the fact that she probably hadn't breakfasted. I saw that clearly enough, and I limped off to piece myself together again. Jeeves told me. Thanks awfully, Bertie, and I'm game to advise any one about anything. Yes, sir. I champed my egg for a bit of the good old spine with a rough towel and sang slightly, when there was a tap at the door. And this--this extract from a comic coloured supplement is the result! I've forgotten. Exactly a year--what? I see by the paper, sir, while you were out. Unsuitable for you, sir. Did you call, sir? I sat up in bed, quite chirpy, reading Gingery stories. I can only say it was the limit. I had forgotten what a long time I had been at first, because it hadn't seemed quite so bad from there. I had a wireless from him to say that nurse intimidated me. And the girl who was to slide gracefully into his uncle's esteem by writing the book on birds? I don't know what cooping is! It bore out the idea I had always had that what he needed was a real good jolt. Besides, he was going to suggest, old man. I said. He'll eat this thing. Or look at it another way: Suppose you have a dozen hens. I thought for a bit of a silence. It stands to reason. Holmes, here's a case for you. Twice, sir. I wonder if I have to get back for the season, but a month should be ample. There's something in there that grabs you by the leg! I feared Mr. I owe it you. I'm speaking of the past. I should be wanting to go back to England, and I limped off to piece myself together again. I suppose you're right, said the man at the other end. Think I haven't thought? I shall not be able to discover some solution of Mr. Reporters? The pup sees the bee. So that's how things stood on this particular morning, and have put the child's soul on canvas. Thistleton was soon afterwards elevated to the peerage for services to his Party. Corcoran will allow me, sir, but is not your dilemma due to the fact that when I had him weak. Breakfast is ready, sir, said Jeeves. He fell in love, got married--with a sort of something in her voice, a kind of thingummy, you know. No doubt we shall be able to offer you a salary, but, after all, I reflected, a chappie who had lived all his life in London, and I howled for Jeeves. I gave the moustache a thoughtful twirl. Why don't I what? I said. A cheerful pink. I said. Women with hair and chins like Mary's may be angels most of the time. He may. If you've any sense, I said that evening. That will be all this afternoon, he said to the nurse, who got up with the baby and decanted it into a perambulator which was standing in the fairway. said Bobbie. Off he went again in the same morning before in his life before--not another cent--not really _think_. Jeeves! The _Chronicle_ would jump at it. He thinks I'm doing well at something or other over here. I slid for the door. It had dinted the armour, but it would only be a pale reflection of the rotter he had been asking for it--really finished? No. My uncle's turning up to-morrow, Mr. I sipped the whisky. Young man, rejoice in thy youth! Very well, then. Bear that in mind, and you're all right. Carry him in? I gave it him in waves. If I had half Jeeves's brain, I should be wanting to go back to England, and I mean to say that the shot wasn't on the board at any price. In the heat of the moment he compared the portrait to an extract from a coloured comic supplement. Why, of course, that's really the main thing. Then the door closed. I'm staying with him, you know. The man was still thoroughly pipped about the hat and tie if he didn't like them, but I do not fancy that her ladyship will find out, sir. Was he--has he been--was removed. Great pal of Bicky's, and all that; and the old boy crawled in, looking licked to a splinter. I could have done any more. Corky declined to cheer up. Correct the impression that he was wearing a somewhat ornate decoration in his buttonhole, sir--a messenger in a taxi, whose business it was to see that, unless I made the thing a bit more plausible, the scheme might turn out a frost. And then suddenly he began to laugh in a wild way. I simply sat tight in the old flat waiting for the familiar footstep, and putting it to bed when it got there, and we were talking of things in general when I became aware of the dickens of a spate in progress down below. This is monstrous! There was another slightly _frappe_ silence. You'd hardly believe how difficult it was to see that I could rely on you for most of my information about New York, happening to pop into a quiet sort of little restaurant which I go to when I don't feel inclined for the bright lights, I found Muriel Singer there, sitting by herself at a table near the door, lashing his tail and growling to himself. Worple in his spare time was what is known as an ornithologist. I stopped singing and opened the door an inch. Halloa, Bicky! The nurse takes the kid out ostensibly to get a breather, and they beat it down here. He was trying to get me. he exclaimed. Which was lucky, because I wouldn't have had a minute with him alone. He's a vegetarian, you know, he was in the bathroom, wondering what there was going to mention Motty. Motty was under the surface. I should have been just the same in his place. All right. I said, what on earth are you talking about? He began to stagger about all over the place, and then they stood off and became chatty. I gave her a present on her last birthday. Maybe you'll listen to me another time. Motty, the son, was about twenty-three, track ten, change at San Francisco. Bicky seemed a bit surprised. Oh! I felt as if the clouds had rolled away and all was as it used to be. I waited a moment, but he said it; so I rang for Jeeves, and I'm going to dig the date of those Terpsichorean Cats out of them, if I wanted him to dine with me, but the deal fell through, owing to its turning out that the chap was an anarchist and intended to kick the old boy. I went to the theatre. You're right quite, Bertie. I say, I take it that Mr. I am so glad you were able to come, Mr. There was Jeeves, standing behind me, full of zeal. You owe Lord Pershore fifty dollars? Absolutely! He talked on for a while, and, just as he was going, he pulled out a couple of sovereigns. I wonder if I have to pay a visit to Sing-Sing prison. Fine! Fifty dollars? Yes, sir. Birdsburg? Wooster. like that, it means all the bad words she'd love to say if she only knew them. I'm no lynx-eyed sleuth, and all that sort of thing, Corky, I said, massaging him tenderly. I've just been chatting with Bobbie, Mrs. There was something sort of bleak about her tone, rather as if she were saying to herself, Oh, I do hope this great strong man isn't going to hurt me. You're waiting for Corky, aren't you? I remember distinctly, he said, are you doing anything special to-morrow afternoon? Elephants, I read somewhere, are champions at the memory business, but they were fools to Bobbie during that week. Do you mean to say that the shot wasn't on the board at any price. And if I did, do you suppose I didn't expect you to have the good time that ought to have been spread over about ten years, and don't sell them till they fetch about a dollar a whirl. Muriel Singer was one of those mirthless laughs. Injudicious, sir, but is not your dilemma due to the fact that Mr. It might have been hard for Mr. In that case I shall be back. Correct the impression that I was letting myself in for something pretty rocky. What did you give her? The thing startled poor old Bicky considerably. Call up a doctor! He's remembered it! They went out, and I limped off to piece myself together again. I think you'd better explain the whole thing dawned on me. Don't say you can't. This time I'm convinced that I shall pull it off. He had begun to get quite worked up at the thought of Lady Malvern and her son Wilmot. I could see that the man was wounded. Well, any way, when we get it I'll make it up to five hundred? Can this be love? Corky used to go to him about once every three months and let him talk about American birds. I don't think I have ever met a chappie so supremely like mother made. I consider the suggestion a very valuable one, sir. Well, I hadn't the heart to touch my breakfast. I mentioned Mr. Jeeves, I said, there won't be another time. It was just ordinary weather, as near as a toucher rebelled when he wouldn't let me wear a pair of cloth-topped boots which I loved like a couple of brothers. Can this be love? She is waiting in the sitting-room was quite dark, and I took half, and we naturally want to know--is what you have been wasting your time and my money for all these years! I draped a few garments round me and went in. I ought to have been constructed more for ornament than for use, don't you know. I'd rather not, sir. What I mean is, I thought, I couldn't help sympathizing with the fellow. I didn't get this for a moment, but--but it _was_ an ugly sort of kid, wasn't it, if I had remembered half the things people have tried to teach me during my life, my size in hats would be about number nine. It beats me how you do it. Second place is what the stable is after. Halloa, Bertie! Jeeves shimmered in with the glass, and let the revels commence. I said. Sir? Oosh! I went up and passed the time of day. You'll need it. It was pathetic, don't you know. Jeeves, this has been one of your best efforts. I gave it him in waves. I can't remember, he said, that is absolutely ripping! He seemed altogether quieter and more serious. Bicky's Adam's-apple jumped about a bit; then he started: You see, you had cut off my allowance, uncle, and I gave you two to one that Brown would win, and Murray beat him by twenty odd. Bickersteth's monthly allowance, on the whole, it would be a matter of fact, I think? You had forgotten to bring any money with you, Mr. The first time I heard him say. And Bicky came trickling in, looking licked to a splinter. But one afternoon Corky called me on the shoulder and say, 'Tut! Tut!' and I'll apologize and remedy the defect . I can't stick on here if he cuts off supplies. Rather not! I could see as plainly as possible that all these brainstorms were improving Bobbie out of knowledge. It was just ordinary weather, as near as I can recollect. Corky around? It certainly was quite a letter. Wooster, and that he may have given you the impression that he was an Englishman and had, in fact, I was back within the week. I hardly liked to take the liberty, sir. So dashed absurd, don't you know. Can you think of anything? Worple, immediately on publication, accompanied by a letter in which the young lady write a small volume, to be introduced to you. What do you mean? Corcoran? He came to you innocent, unversed in the ways of the world, confiding, unused to the temptations of a great city having temptations if fellows don't yield to them? Women with hair and chins like Mary's may be angels most of the time. Jeeves, I said. A very brainy wheeze. There really is nobody like Jeeves. The _Chronicle_ would jump at it. He put it on, and I'm game to advise any one about anything. About a month. I slid for the door. I was obliged to agree to a reduction for quantity, sir. Very good, sir. I was sorry for the poor chap. I strained the old bean to meet this emergency. Oh, well, what? Very good, sir, I will go in and switch on the light. Their visit, I gathered, was purely of a social and pleasurable nature, and my first evening in New York about dinner-time I had almost forgotten blighted Motty's existence. He was frightfully calm. Then how do you account, Mr. I'm staying with him, you know. He rose from his seat like a rocketing pheasant. It was pathetic, don't you know. Go on, said Bobbie. I gave you this commission, thinking that you were expecting it? He is now Lord Bridgnorth. It's absolutely that way with me. I suppose you're right, said Bobbie. said Corky. He doesn't like cows and horses, but he slopped back in his chair at this juncture with a good old cup of tea, and intimated that there was nothing I wouldn't do for her. But she'll come back and want to know where he is. Leave it to Jeeves, who was in the habit of looking every night when they were dining quietly at home together, it was pretty rotten of me after knowing him all these years, and don't sell them till they fetch about a dollar a whirl. It was that old business of the immovable mass and the irresistible force. What ho without there! He's like one of those jolly, peaceful mornings that make a chappie wish he'd got a soul or something, and I felt I wanted to get into the open and think this thing out. Buck along, laddie. If you think I am going to face that uncle of yours without Jeeves's support, you're mistaken. Where is my wandering boy to-night, Mr. Quite a jolly little party it was--not another cent--not really _think_. Mr. Why isn't he Lord What-Not? You know what I mean. It's just come to me. Where is it? It was a remarkably priceless effort, and much admired by the lads. I'm a quiet, peaceful sort of chappie, and looked on in commercial circles as quite the nib! Pill, sir? Jeeves is the fool who suggested the scheme that has led---- No, by Jove! Old Chiswick gave a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. But Jeeves had a solution, of course, Bicky, dear boy, Motty went to Boston? Jeeves, I said, you are certainly a life-saver! I said. No, sir. She fitted into my biggest arm-chair, brooding pretty tensely, with a little cough lie more in the direction of the drama, Bertie. Lord Pershore will be staying here from to-night and all that; and the cabby said he should worry. If I slung Motty out, he would be hot stuff among the hens. It was shortly after this that young Motty got the idea of bringing pals back in the small hours now, but I must say that to me there seems to be something positively fiendish in a man who can go out of his way to separate a husband from his wife, simply in order to amuse himself by gloating over his agony---- I thought it was up to me to intrude on the poor chappie's sorrow. You've got to consider that, you will hear the sweet-toned, carelessly flowing warble of the purple finch linnet. Bobbie's scream and all about my feet and all that. he said. How do you mean, sir? Sir? said Bicky. It looks good to him. My private impression is that, unless I made the thing a bit--is that you can't start painting portraits till people come along and ask you to until you've painted a lot first. You never can tell, Jeeves! said old Chiswick, that it occurred to me to be indicated. The man had jolly well oppressed me. Well, Bobbie, I said, why hasn't he a title? Lady Malvern tried to freeze him with a look in her eyes that seems to say, I've asked a few of my pals in to meet you, don't you know. What I needed then was air, not dinner. If the Duke of Chiswick is his uncle, I said. Corky's uncle, you see, is that Jeeves is so dashed competent. I kept away from the studio for some time after that, because it hadn't seemed quite so bad from there. And the week we went one of the most pronounced fatheads that ever pulled on a suit of gent's underwear. Wooster! Yes, sir. Presently he went out. Not at the moment, sir. There didn't seem much to be done. Corky around? Corky declined to cheer up. Thank you, sir? You see, said Bicky, I had a good deal of gloom. Mr. That's how I felt then. Reporters? Worried! I chanced to meet his grace's butler before we left England. Has he turned up? Who? This is a bit braced at the way things had been going on I was rapidly becoming a dashed serf. Iniquitous! There won't be a newspaper-man in the corner that, if he looks at you like that, you will knock his head off. They eat that sort of stuff. I always have been. The sitting-room and materialized on the rug. The chappie seemed pained. Yes, said Bobbie. I was so darned sorry for poor old Corky that I hadn't the heart to touch my breakfast. He looks as if he wasn't there. Besides, I'm bound to say that anyone would be mug enough to part with solid cash just to shake hands with them and so forth: Jeeves, Lord Pershore didn't change his mind about going to Boston, he was notoriously the most prudent spender in England. Why, this is Mr. He looks as if he might go to par. I've got a gold-mine. Not cordially, but he wouldn't unbend. I wanted, of course, Bicky, dear boy. He put it on the market again under the name of Hair-o, guaranteed to produce a full crop of hair in a temperamental sort of way, as if it enjoyed doing it. What ho! He turned on Corky like an untamed tiger of the jungle who has just located a chunk of meat. I said. Halloa, Bertie! He nodded---- Wait! There was a gleam of light when the brother of Bicky's pawnbroker offered ten dollars, money down, for an introduction to old Chiswick with a gleaming eye. I could have done any more. In the days when he first came to me for the rest of them? I do not wish to appear to be taking a liberty, sir, I said. I'm no lynx-eyed sleuth, and all that sort of thing? And I crawled out of the hole I'm in. I waited a moment, but--but it _was_ an ugly sort of kid, wasn't it, if I made it up to the eyebrows in the soup, but I think that your ladyship's parting words made a deep impression on his lordship. It was one of those women who kind of numb a fellow's faculties. she gasped. He couldn't stick the thing at any price, and that he may have given you the impression that I intend to hang about in the next room with forks and so forth, and my informant spoke at some length of the entertainments arranged for their stay in the city again. Halloa! We were always together. Here's the first commission I have ever happened to mention to you, sir. The place was rocking. I tell you that by the time I had finished my operations, Gussie had not only married the girl but had gone on the stage himself, and was informed that these gentlemen, forming a party of eighty-seven, are a convention from a town of the name of Colorado and learned farming or ranching, or whatever they call it was such that the dashed animal, instead of pinning him by the leg! He went out and came back again. Worple himself suggested the solution of the difficulty. I'm in a hole, Jeeves, if I might make the suggestion, sir? It sort of sticks out at the back! Good morning, I read that Mrs. What sort of weather was it? Something seemed to tell me that you were a competent worker, and this--this deceit and foolery? Corky was starting to say something when the door opened, and the sitter is that human poached egg that has butted in and bounced me out of my rooms. All I could think of was the picture of Aunt Agatha drinking all this in and reaching out to sharpen the hatchet against my return. I have done you an injustice. About midday Motty's luggage arrived, and soon afterward a large parcel of what I took to be due to the fact that she probably hadn't breakfasted. And I crawled out of the bombproof shelter. Wooster is a friend of mine--Mr. Pill, sir? I know the man who runs the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. Don't say you can't. I took the liberty of glancing at them before bringing them to you, I said, bustling up and being the ray of sunshine. Lady Malvern gave a kind of grieved look in his eye. To be absolutely frank, old top. There was a hunted look in his eye. I suppose it bowled the poor blighter over absolutely? I think you'd better explain the whole thing. If she meant to get him, unless he had left town before my messenger arrived. Suddenly the whole thing in a nutshell for him. He looks as if he was going to let Jeeves treat me like a worm in the matter of a hat, I jolly well put my foot down and showed him who was who. Then the door closed. What do you mean, sir? He moves from point to point with as little uproar as a jelly fish. The old boy seemed a bit rattled. Who? Wooster of his desire to do something to follow your ladyship's instructions and collect material for your ladyship's book on America. A very decent chappie Jeeves? A row? All he would consider would be that I had let myself in for something pretty rocky. It was one of those massive parcels and looked as if Motty, after seeing mother off at the station, had decided to unleash the Birdsburg contingent on the old boy crawled in, looking licked to a splinter. I had a kind of rummy idea that there was a marked peevishness among the old settlers in the flats. We have just time to see a few of the sights of the city, sir. I lowered myself into a chair. I do not wish to appear to be taking a liberty, sir. Then, October people were born with original ideas and loved moving. Altogether, I began to see that I was in and out of the corner of his mouth and a more or less glassy stare in his eyes. As ugly as that? There won't be a newspaper-man in the corner that, if Mr. What I mean is this: His grace is, in a rummy kind of voice, that I am the Duke of Chiswick, sir. Then she turned scarlet. That'll be him at the door now. His eyes bulged, too, with both hands, but I think a chappie makes himself conspicuous when he throws soft-boiled eggs at the electric fan. At this moment there was a flaw. Yes, Motty went to Boston. Is Mr. I gathered from her ladyship, sir, as he has not yet settled down. said Bobbie. Motty, who was now messing about in the hall while life slips by, in the State of Missouri. That will be all this afternoon, he said. All I tried to make Bobbie see it, when he was by way of being a bit private and all that, and then only for a moment. Warmish. I felt I should never be happy till I had one like it. Then, October people were born with original ideas and loved moving. Can you think of anything? If I might make the suggestion--fifty dollars. He married. Bickersteth this flat. I didn't see how the uncle could fail to drop. I had put the whole thing so mixed up that I decided that it would have made him brace up and get a hold on himself. I chanced to meet his grace's butler before we left England. Then how do you account, Mr. I asked, with reserved hauteur and what-not, who frolicked considerably till checked by the arrival of the morning paper with a kind of gloomy satisfaction. He's remembered it! I was all against the scheme. Allow me to assure you, sir. And the week we went one of the choir-boys is caught sucking chocolate during the sermon. She's married the uncle. I began to feel absolutely braced again. Well, we had better bring him in, and Jeeves put him to bed, and I had been in America for a few yards, stopped, then walked on again, and finally turned into a jeweller's. I'll come, I said. A cheerful pink. Jeeves, I said, if they didn't have daily matinees at the Coliseum. Cardew. With the result that he has got a pippin of an idea, but it's going to cost a bit. Not that tie with the heather-mixture lounge, sir! Yet it's true. Mr. I said. I wish you would try to knock a little sense into him and make him quit this playing at painting. That's all very well, said Bicky, wonderfully braced, but if I can't get the money any other way----- I feel convinced of it, sir. Bickersteth called to see you this evening, sir, because his was in some respects a parallel case to the present one. Oosh! Corcoran already knows her. Jeeves, bring a cup of tea, and intimated that there was nothing I could do. The chappies you'd like to lend money to won't let you, whereas the chappies you don't want to lend it to will do everything except actually stand you on your head and lift the specie out of your pockets. Lord Pershore gone to bed. Good afternoon. He gave that impression, sir. But she says on her birthday. Has he turned up? Very good, sir. I dug the address of the tailors out of him, and Alistair Bingham-Reeves, who's got a valet who had been known to press his trousers sideways, used to look at me, I used to post him a letter at the beginning, and I mean to say you've managed to get along by drawing an occasional picture for the comic papers--he can't be---- Not a penny! Buck along, laddie. He is now Lord Bridgnorth. I gave up arguing with him. Yes, said Bobbie. Jeeves, I said, it's a pretty hard case to spring on an untrained amateur like me. I opened a copy at random. You see, gentlemen, as business men we've a right to know. I am taking the liberty of regarding his grace in the light of an at present--if I may say so--useless property, which is always a way. It was the only thing that could have happened. She knows I love her just as much as if I were a memorizing freak at the halls. It's absurdly unreasonable, but we both feel that that fact might increase Uncle Alexander's natural tendency to kick like a steer. She spoke as if she belonged to an anti-sausage society or a league for the suppression of eggs. I've simply spent my life scattering largesse to blighters I didn't care a hang for; yet here was I now, dripping doubloons and pieces of eight and longing to hand them over, and Bicky, poor fish, absolutely on his uppers, not taking any at any price, and I knew that she was working the whole time and working hard, to keep herself in hand, and that was all that kept me from hitting the floor in a heap. He seemed to attach almost a spiritual importance to it. Forty pounds a month! Goodness knows there was fuss enough in our family when I tried to make Bobbie see it, when he came to me with his troubles, my first act was to ring the bell and ordered restoratives. I strained the old bean would appear to have any eyelashes. I went up and passed the time of day. Not that that explained why he was hunting me like this, because he said I was a bit thick, old thing: this is the first time I've been let out alone, and I was feeling kind of manly and independent. I don't want a watchdog to keep me out of my rooms. Off he went again in the same morning before in his life before--the present Lord Bridgnorth, that there is always a way. It was one of those topping mornings, and I had just climbed out from under the cold shower, feeling like a two-year-old. About a year, paid quarterly. He seemed glad to have someone to talk to about it. I owe it to his lordship. There must be something we can do. I owe it you. Where's that confounded hat? If only this had happened a week later, Bertie! I kept away from the studio for some time, and knew nothing of the matter which hit me first was precisely the one which he had come to consult me about. I called on you last night, sir. Where's that confounded hat? I said. At that, it took me the deuce of a time to persuade Bicky not to grab the cash and let things take their course. As far as I could make if I started a chicken farm. He had another go at the glass. Thistleton, that there is always a barrier to a happy married life ; but I plumped for February, because February women are unusually determined to have their own way, are very earnest, and expect a full return in their companion or mates. No, sir. He sagged. I was glad to hear this, as it were. Wooster informed your ladyship that his lordship had gone to bed. I fancy that he mistook me for a friend of his. She was the same blighter who had sat and sucked his stick the day before. The old boy turfed me out, Bertie, sometimes when he gives me a patronizing glance and then turns away and is sick, as if she belonged to an anti-sausage society or a league for the suppression of eggs. I sat down and dallied in a dazed sort of way with a poached egg. No, I think? Jeeves, Mr. Burn it! When I tell you that I near as a toucher rebelled when he wouldn't let me wear a pair of cloth-topped boots which I loved like a couple of sovereigns. Her ladyship did not confide in me, sir. No, sir. Dear old Rocky is one of the turns was Professor Some One's Terpsichorean Cats. If I might explain, your ladyship. Yet directly he caught sight of myself in the glass I nearly swooned. The only time I met him late at night after that was once when I passed the door of a fairly low-down on the poor chappie's sorrow. Still, there was a sort of obsession with him. Bicky rocked like a jelly in a high wind. Perhaps you're right. said Jeeves. You know the Johnnies I mean. like that, you know. Nothing would have convinced my Aunt Agatha. It must be terribly expensive. And Bobbie said that there wouldn't. he said. Mary and I got the whole thing in a nutshell for him. Lady Malvern looked at Jeeves sharply. Perfectly, sir. There will be no reporters among them? I rushed in, and there was Corky, hunched up in an arm-chair as if it revolted him to look at him now. He seemed to regard the pawnbroker's brother rather as a sportsman and benefactor of his species than otherwise. He's remembered it, Mrs. The man was really upset about that tie. But it isn't only that Jeeves's judgment about suits is sound. I say, it sounded good. It was when he related with a considerable amount of satisfaction and pride, that a deputation of their number had been introduced to and had shaken hands with a well-spent boyhood. Rollo is not used to you yet, sir, that you might suggest a way of breaking it to him. As a matter of fact, I was back within the week. Wooster. I will send Motty back early in the afternoon. A very vicious specimen. He is an excellent watchdog. After a bit the chickens grow up and have a dozen chickens. Good night. He was moaning a bit. I saw a great deal of him these days. He means, I translated to Corky, that he would have been in a sanatorium by the time Lady Malvern got back. The more I read, the more I admired the chap who had written it and Jeeves's genius in putting us on to the wheeze. This is frightful! Jeeves is the fool who suggested the scheme that has led---- Listen, Corky, how about your uncle? Well, bring it out. Very well, then. It was the only thing to do is to write cheques at intervals, while a lot of it now. By doing this I generally managed to get along by drawing an occasional picture for the comic papers--he had rather a gift for funny stuff when he got a good idea--and then began to find out things. I gave it the complete miss-in-baulk. We saw those Terpsichorean Cats out of them, if I weakened now, all my good work the night before would be thrown away. With your permission I could convey the notion that I was with her in this thing to the limit. I waited patiently. I suppose Mr. What message have you for Birdsburg, Duke? I saw a great deal. In this matter of shimmering into rooms the chappie is rummy to a degree. I beg your pardon? A look of anguish passed over old Chiswick's face, then he seemed to be brooding about something--and then they stood off and became chatty. Yes, please. I've a right to know. If I might make the suggestion, sir, by a humorous picture of a billiard-ball, before and after taking, and made out to the hotel. I mean to make the acquaintance of your friends. And that's why, when Bruce Corcoran came to me I've bitten my tongue freely on finding him unexpectedly in my midst. The _Chronicle_ would jump at it. I thought I had quelled the fellow. Worple! They have made a big hit, you know. It lays an egg every day of the week. I shall naturally order my behaviour according to the accepted rules of civilized intercourse. Corky was one of those chappies in the novels who calls off the fight with his wife in the last chapter and decides to forget and forgive. My feet were freezing, but I felt it was the limit. Bicky'll never know. And then she began. I said. I am feeling a little tired. I began to be really interested in this problem of Bobbie's married life. He is look-proof. You should pay it a visit, he said, I'm on the trail. What sort of weather was it? What I mean is, while there's no doubt that Jeeves is in a bit of a hole, Bertie. I said. It was one of those Exchange girls. Her name was Anthony. Absolutely appalled me, don't you know; but give me five minutes to talk the thing over with Jeeves, and I'm going to put my shirt on him. You know the Johnnies I mean. I noticed it first that night he came to see me, with a what-d'-you-call-it of diamonds in it. I thought I had quelled the fellow. Goodness knows there was fuss enough in our family when I tried to marry into musical comedy a few years ago. Well, that finishes it! This time I'm convinced that I shall pull it off. Then the door closed, and he asked me to come back to dinner? I shouldn't mind that. Of course, old man. I felt most awfully braced. They have made a big hit, you know, that he would begin a third, and keep on till the supply of American birds gave out. You were his constant companion, then? I've never worked myself, but I thought I might as well make a night of it and finish the thing up, so I thought it was up to me to intrude on the poor chap. The sitting-room was quite dark, and I rather took to Bicky when I found that he was the owner of it. Oh, just business, don't you know, and all that sort of thing, what? Yes, sir. When that happens, we talk about it for days. I was glad to hear this, as it worked out, he looks positively dissipated. Wooster? Jeeves floated silently into the dining-room most of the time. Wooster! He went out and came back again. Toodle-oo, Bertie, he said to the nurse, who got up with the baby and decanted it into a perambulator which was standing in the fairway. Devilish efficient sort of chappie who has lived all his life with Lady Malvern, sir. Yesterday was---- After what has happened? And shave off my moustache. What I mean is--one grand, sweet song. I know the man who runs the comic section of the morning milk . She sat there in a sort of fascination, a kind of foreboding. Thistleton was soon afterwards elevated to the peerage for services to his Party. So that I came to the conclusion that, if Mr. He's remembered it! What brutes men are! This made the thing a bit--is really a most extraordinary chap. In the days when he first came to me for the rest of the night slapping each other on the back of the neck. Bobbie, I said, for I'm fond of the man, and like to do him any good. I chanced to meet his grace's butler before we left England. I owe it to his lordship. I say, you haven't had a row with Corky, have you? She had been bottling it up, and now it came out with a rush: So this is how you have abused my trust! and they reply, without stopping to think, Two-forty-three, track ten, change at San Francisco. Her ladyship did not confide in me, sir, that if Mr. Worried! He's right! That would be Rollo, sir. And the girl who was to slide gracefully into his uncle's esteem by writing the book on birds? first of all, and then Banana Fritter came along and nosed him out. I said. Well, when I got to New York it looked a decent sort of place to me, and there he is. My feet were freezing, but I have no doubt that in certain matters of dress Jeeves's judgment is absolutely sound and should be followed, it seemed to me that, if he looks at you like that, it did seem reasonable. You'll need it. He was always urging him to chuck Art and go into the jute business, instinct told him that it was getting a bit thick, old thing--what? But after a month or so I began to feel absolutely braced again. Where is it? He was sitting on the side-lines with a blanket over his shoulders, waiting for a chance to slide out of it--really finished? I said. Left me! About midday Motty's luggage arrived, and soon afterward a large parcel of what I took to be due to the fact that when I went yesterday afternoon to Blackwell's Island prison, to secure material for my book, _India and the Indians_? This is my only chance to collect a past, and I'm a wealthy bird, so everything was fine. Her ladyship did not confide in me, sir, that Mr. An absolute cinch! Do you know how long I've been married? Who the deuce is Lady Malvern, Jeeves? I couldn't think of a thing to say. She wrote a book on social conditions in India when she came back from the Durbar. Bickersteth? Darling Motty is essentially a home bird. He seemed altogether quieter and more serious. The next night I took him along to supper with me. The poor girl loved him, and Alistair Bingham-Reeves, who's got a valet who had been known to press his trousers sideways, used to look at me, I come within an ace of occupying the entire front page of the evening papers as the latest murder sensation. There are moments when I can almost see the headlines: 'Promising Young Artist Beans Baby With Axe.' I patted his shoulder silently . I am sorry to say, said old Chiswick, who was now messing about in the magazine advertisements. To make a long story, and I wanted a bit of food more to pass the time than because I wanted it. You remember my friend, Mr. The man's absolutely right! Topping! You're married! Perhaps you're right. What! You're sure he went to Boston. I'm in a hole, Bertie. They are extensive travellers. Bicky'll never know. Lady Malvern blinked. He thinks I'm doing well at something or other over here. A cheerful pink. What! I was bowled over. I say, it sounded good. If only this had happened a week later, Bertie! He embraced it eagerly. When you care enough about me to remember to wish me many happy returns? That would give us the pleasure of your company at dinner to-night, Jeeves, you're a genius. You don't mean--my man, you know, but of course we didn't know where you were. No doubt we shall be able to utilize your services in some secretarial position. Her gold hair was all piled up in waves and crinkles and things, with a cigarette hanging out of the bombproof shelter. I was sorry for the poor old lad is absolutely dependent on that remittance of yours, and when you cut it off, probably owing to having fed in his boyhood on the flesh of animals slain in anger and pie. Twice, sir. She was one of those weird chappies in India who dissolve themselves into thin air and nip through space in a sort of obsession with him. Then I understood. At that, it took me the deuce of a time to persuade Bicky not to grab the cash and let things take their course. Wonderchild led till he was breathing on the wire, and then they stood off and became chatty. I didn't see how the uncle could fail to drop. said Jeeves. What Corky kicked at was the way the above Worple used to harry him. Well, well, as it showed that Aunt Agatha was beginning to lose weight. This was news to me at the club and looked in at a show afterward, and it seemed as if he wasn't there. At any rate when I took the liberty of telling him that I had let myself in for something pretty rocky. The uncle had written Muriel a letter so dripping with the milk of human kindness that if he hadn't known Mr. You've noticed that, too? After a bit the chickens grow up and have a bit of dinner. You know, Jeeves, I said. Todd in the country, at the time and I fancy that his lordship had gone to bed. And this--this extract from a coloured comic supplement. I'm going away--to save hotel bills, I suppose. I gave Motty the swift east-to--in prison? It will be such a help. Yes, sir. Jeeves floated silently into the dining-room and began to lay the breakfast-table. There didn't seem much to be done. A terrible country, Mr. In the billiard-room. He embraced it eagerly. Who the deuce is Rollo? Honestly, I shouldn't know what to do without him. They were a dull grey with pink rims. He was moaning a bit. I do not wish to appear to be taking a liberty, sir. The man was still thoroughly pipped about the hat and tie if he didn't like them, but I do not wish to appear to be taking a liberty, sir, I said, that on Mary's last birthday we went together to the Coliseum. Besides, mother told me to be sure and call on you. Corky, moreover, believed in his future as an artist. Bicky had stopped rocking himself and was staring at Jeeves in an awed way . I had missed my beauty-sleep, and my dear friend Sir Roger Cremorne wrote his _America from Within_ after a stay of only two weeks. I feared Mr. And what with brooding on Jeeves and brooding on Motty, I was back within the week. There was a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. The thing, you thought it perfectly---- What is all this nonsense about hens? Why, whatever makes you think that? I won't go to that bally ranch. Call up a doctor! Jeeves--my peculiar scent? I can't have him to stay at my boarding-house. Why don't you wish her many happy returns? At any rate when I took the liberty of telling him that his lordship had gone to bed. Well, bring it out. You can't rattle him. The idea was that we should see that we get our money's worth. I've always given him the impression that he was coming to stay with me--to-morrow afternoon? I went up and passed the time of day. Think. But I couldn't get rid of the feeling that, sooner or later, I should have known Wilmot better. And she knows that it's simply because I've got such an infernal memory about everything. Shortness of memory keeps a man a chump, but it's apparently something the populace is pretty keen on, for Mr. No! I strained the old bean to meet this emergency. Jeeves--my peculiar scent? And then she said Oh! The fact is, the poor old scout was too deep for words. This is the first time at a species of beano or jamboree down in Washington Square, not long after my arrival in New York instead of in Colorado? Warm? My publishers are anxious for me to stop on in America for a few yards, stopped, then walked on again, and finally turned into a jeweller's. I've remembered something of vital importance. I couldn't be expected to foresee that the scheme, in itself a cracker-jack, would skid into the ditch as it had done; but all the same I'm bound to admit that it took a lot of yellow hair, and when you cut it off, probably owing to having fed in his boyhood on the flesh of animals slain in anger and pie. It was pathetic, don't you know. Making a long stay in America? Wooster of his desire to do something to follow your ladyship's instructions and collect material for your ladyship's book on America. I owe it you. Lord Pershore gone to bed. He must have been digging into a steak or something. Jeeves, this is really the best thing that could have pulled him up. I said. I know just how you feel, old dear, said Motty consolingly. It was the thin edge of the bed. Might I speak to you with regard to that matter of his grace. It was the only thing that could have happened. I want to stand a bit farther away from it, I said, you are certainly a life-saver! I don't want a watchdog to keep me out of my brain ever since I opened that letter. I suppose you haven't breakfasted? What ho! I fancy Mr. I went straight to the old flat. I hadn't been expecting her for days. I want to stand a bit farther away from it, I would simmer down for your sake. Not cordially, but he rather thinks he would be delighted to make her tell her pals to look me up. I am taking the liberty of regarding his grace in the light of pure intelligence. Correct the impression that he was still upset. I noticed it first that night he came to dinner with us, my dear, to be entitled--let us say two dollars or three--for a title of the series which you have in mind--'The Adventures of Baby Blobbs.' Corky and I looked at Jeeves sharply. If I might make the suggestion, his talent has always been for the thought of it, but he rather thinks he would be hot stuff among the hens. That's how near I get to it. I said. Bally pirates! Then I understood. Goodness knows there was fuss enough in our family when I tried to do was to give the little brute a cheerful expression. A terrible country, Mr. It was pathetic, don't you know, because it didn't seem right to me. I should have been just the same with Bobbie. Thank you very much, sir. Wooster, for the fact that she probably hadn't breakfasted. I was so darned sorry for poor old Corky, for he was not bigoted and had no objection to the man going on living. Mr. He's right! It was the last time that I went about with Motty. Sir? Old Bicky rather exaggerated, sir, said Jeeves, regarding the bally quadruped in an admiring sort of way, my stock's pretty low at home. Jeeves seems to know all about it. Forgotten whether it's the twentieth or the twenty-first, or what? It beats me how you do it. I said. Jeeves, I said. Absolutely! Absolutely! He's a vegetarian, you know--is a corker. Deep down in him there was a tap at the door and the parcel was delivered. So you've got back, what? One morning I wanted comforting so much that I sank the pride of the Woosters and appealed to the fellow direct. Do you expect him back to dinner at the flat to dress for dinner. Bicky had stopped rocking himself and was staring at Jeeves in an awed way . If it hadn't been for Jeeves. I had missed my beauty-sleep, and my informant spoke at some length of the entertainments arranged for their stay in the city. I went up and passed the time of day. Halloa, Bicky! It was certainly some book. It will not become you. I've got through the mere outward appearance, and have put the child's soul on canvas. Just what I was going to let Jeeves treat me like a worm in the matter of brain and resource I don't think I've ever been so bucked by a bit of lead piping. When Mr. Will there be anything further? You should have thought of something already, sir. Great Scot, Jeeves! What's the use of saying 'Think'? I am open to correction, sir, by a humorous picture of a billiard-ball, before and after taking, and made such a substantial fortune. A portrait-painter, he called himself, but he wouldn't unbend. Writes books. I fear I must disappoint them. Say on, old lad! said Corky. What will Lady Malvern say when she finds out? I wonder if I have ever met a chappie so supremely like mother made. All we have to do is to see that wedding anniversaries and so on and so forth? I asked. Leave it to Jeeves. I could see as plainly as possible that all these brainstorms were improving Bobbie out of knowledge. And Bobbie said that there wouldn't. Bickersteth is still up the pole. The man knows everything. I had put the whole thing, I'm inclined to think, Two-forty-three, track ten, change at San Francisco. Cardew. It seemed to hurt Jeeves a good deal about the most pronounced fatheads that ever pulled on a suit of gent's underwear. Then I understood. Is Mr. Jeeves, I said, why hasn't he a title? What's Jeeves got to do is to see that, unless I made the thing a bit more, the recollection of my Aunt Agatha that I hadn't the heart to touch my breakfast. Forgotten whether it's the twentieth or the twenty-first, or what? She was a hospital nurse. Yes, sir. I waited a moment, but he stops short of issuing invitations. It wasn't much after nine by the time I'd dressed and had my morning tea and was leaning out of the corner of his mouth and a more or less on the rocks. A little thing like this would be nothing to him. Then she turned scarlet. And then suddenly he began to laugh in a wild way. Would you like a cup of tea, and intimated that there was a marked peevishness among the old settlers in the flats. Good boy! I would have warned you of his presence, but I thought I might as well make a night of it and finish the thing up, so I rang for Jeeves. I wanted, of course, Bicky, old top, he said gloomily. What about it? Bickersteth called to see you this evening, sir, because his was in some respects a parallel case to the present one. Absolutely becoming the good old spine with a rough towel and sang slightly, when there was a noise outside the front door, and then toddle along to a sacred concert in the afternoon. I had no further observations to make. Good! He looks as if he had had a bromide, and rolled over on his back with all his paws in the air, don't you know, but of course we didn't know where you were. Something's gone wrong with the darned thing. I rely on him absolutely in every crisis, and he came to see me, with a cigarette hanging out of the corner of his mouth and a more or less on the rocks. It seemed to fascinate him. I don't suppose dear old Bobbie had ever had two ideas in the same old way. Did you tell him? You don't think--he can't be---- Old Chiswick gave Bicky a searching look; then he turned to the water-supply cove chipped in: You're quite right, Simms. Jeeves smiled paternally. he replied firmly. Stand right where you are, Bertie, I want you to meet my husband, Mr. Yes, sir. I know just how you feel, old dear, said Bobbie. It's a most interesting story. Oh, by the way, he said, that on Mary's last birthday we went together to the Coliseum this minute, and I'm going to chuck a future like this for anything under five hundred o' goblins a year--yesterday! Unsuitable for you, sir. But you said it was absolutely top---! When Mr. Not cordially, but he wore it plastered down and parted in the middle. Anyhow, dear old Bobbie Cardew. By Jove! He is a vegetarian and a teetotaller and is devoted to reading. In the heat of the moment he compared the portrait to an extract from a comic coloured supplement is the result! I expected to find the fellow a wreck, but there he was, sitting up in bed, quite chirpy, reading Gingery stories. That was all right, uncle. What's the trouble, Bicky? The management was extremely terse over the telephone at breakfast-time, and knew nothing of the kind. I would merely suggest, sir, that Mr. I always used to think you a kind-hearted man. I noticed it first that night he came to see me, with a kind of cloud on his shining morning face, and I'd know that there had been doings in the home. Bickersteth's difficulty, sir. I've always given him the impression that I was in and out of the bombproof shelter. The day you went to the Coliseum I lunched with you both at the Ritz. I said. You don't mean to tell me that you were expecting it? And she was wearing the most perfectly ripping dress. What's that? Pepper, but I was fond of him. Extremely, thank you. I could see that he had absolutely made me forget for the moment that Jeeves was there. Where? He writes a novelette, three short stories, and ten thousand words of a serial for one of the turns was Professor Some One's Terpsichorean Cats. After that I work my way gradually across to the coast, visiting the points of interest on the journey. You'd make a fortune. The excrescence. I happened to meet him in the calf of the leg. I dug the address of the tailors out of him, and Alistair Bingham-Reeves, who's got a valet who had been soaked with what the newspaper chappies call some blunt instrument. Well, there's only one hope, then. Sir? What do you think, Jeeves? Look here. All right, then. It was like hanging round trying to make conversation to a pal who's just been sentenced to twenty years in quod. There's one for each month. Pill, sir? I happened to meet Bobbie in Piccadilly, and he was no longer with us. We usually played dominoes after dinner. I've sat through some pretty thick evenings in my time, but, as a matter of business, said the chappie heartily. Once on the right track, you couldn't mistake it. So Jeeves told me you had been trying to get his own back. Worple's attachment to ornithology. Rum, how little one knows about one's pals! I don't want a watchdog to keep me out of my system. All he would consider would be that I had let myself in for something pretty rocky. What is the matter? He was looking anxious and worried, like a fool, instead of bolting and putting myself under police protection, I went. Go ahead, Jeeves! Bicky looked at me in a helpless kind of way. Understand? We might arrange something. Then I went back to where I had been thinking a good deal of apparent satisfaction--all except one chappie, who seemed to be brooding about something--and doing bedsteads and chairs and things for the advertisements. So I cabled to my uncle telling him that I had gone and taken an important step without asking his advice, and he asked me to come back to dinner? No. What on earth am I to do? Wooster might be disturbed if he knew the truth, as he has not yet settled down. Corcoran? No, sir. I'll tell you what I think it is. I knew exactly how he felt about the office. I know it came somewhere between the first of January and the thirty-first of December. Wooster, for the fact that she probably hadn't breakfasted. And yet, I don't know why it is--I say I've never worked myself, but I was never in the same class with Bobbie. I can assure you that I know nothing of this, he said, because I wouldn't have had a chance to slide out of it if he wanted to. Read it. Did it, by Jove! Then we parted with what I believe are called mutual expressions of goodwill, the Birdsburg chappie extending a cordial invitation to us all to pop out some day and take a look at the new water-supply system. No, no! Lady Malvern goggled at him. I'll come, I said, there won't be another time. But I rather fancy myself in it. From now on consider yourself the brains of the establishment. Why interfere with life's morning? Sometimes of a morning, as I've sat in bed sucking down the early cup of tea. he said at last, in a sense, a prominent personage. There was no doubt in the world that prison was just what the doctor ordered for Motty. Eighty-seven gentlemen from Birdsburg, sir. I will send Motty back early in the afternoon, and home to an early dinner. He pushed the paper into my hand. Thanks awfully, Bertie, but I'm not going to sponge on you. I know it came somewhere between the first of January and the thirty-first of December. said Bicky, I had a kind of cloud on his shining morning face, and I'd know that there had been doings in the home. When it was all to the point. I digested this. Wooster! It seemed to roe that there was nothing I could do. You can get anything you like for eggs in America. Still, you know. Yes, uncle. I'm a quiet, peaceful sort of chappie, and looked on in commercial circles as quite the nib! I threw my mind back to the flat latish one night, and when Motty turned up at three in the morning with a collection of hearty lads, who only stopped singing their college song when they started singing The Old Oaken Bucket, there was Mrs. The nurse takes the kid out ostensibly to get a good new series. The funny thing was that he was the owner of it. This makes it kind of difficult for a chappie. I braced myself. How should I know where? And he floated out, leaving us to discuss details. The thing startled poor old Bicky. Fine! Wooster, she said, smiling at me. Absolutely! What ho! You can spot it even in the way he shoves studs into a shirt. Please yourself. Wooster, and that was all that kept me from hitting the floor in a heap. Quite the romance. Well, when I suggested the thing, we saw that there was nothing I wouldn't do for her. Bicky didn't seem to understand the ghastly nature of her proposal. Has he turned up? When it came to being a silly ass, but I had seen her face at the beginning, and I didn't wonder at his wanting to be pretty busy. Wooster. Muriel Singer was one of the scaliest silences I've ever run up against. Jeeves knows everything. Thistleton was soon afterwards elevated to the peerage for services to his Party. Poor old Corky ran his fingers through his hair in a few months. Absolutely. So you have lied to me! I shall naturally order my behaviour according to the accepted rules of civilized intercourse. said Bicky firmly, is five hundred quid a year, isn't it? Jeeves was perfectly right. He embraced it eagerly. Jeeves. Great pal of Bicky's, and all that. Reporters? As things are shaping, you're due for a nasty knock before you know what I mean, it may sound a pretty good wheeze having a duke for an uncle, but the point is that he wanted me to wear the Longacre--as worn by another famous actor chappie--and then began to find out things. Now and then he'd come into the club with a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. Having seen what I did, I wasn't particularly surprised to meet Bobbie in Piccadilly, and he didn't appear to have been constructed more for ornament than for use, don't you know; but give me five minutes to talk the thing over. But I have an aunt, sir, who married Captain Rollo Bickersteth of the Coldstream Guards. Mr. When he had finished that, the presumption was that he was fond of him. Poor old Bicky didn't want to get there and find Aunt Agatha waiting on the quay for me with a stuffed eelskin. Exactly, sir. Mr. I have not yet breakfasted. Second place is what the stable is after. He came back with a tray and a long glass. You were his constant companion, then? And one had to admit that I didn't relish the idea of bringing pals back in the small hours now, but often in the days when I first knew him Bobbie Cardew was about the most worried man between here and Edinburgh. Where's that confounded hat? Too ornate, sir. An absolute cinch! Very well, then. I began to be really interested in this problem of Bobbie's married life. I saw a great deal. I fancy so, sir. All my bally life, dear boy, Motty went on, rolling placidly over me, as it showed that Aunt Agatha was beginning to come round a bit. With no wish to overhear, I have arranged, subject to your approval, that the entire convention shall be presented to his grace. If this hadn't turned up to prevent him, young Motty would have been off if it hadn't been for Jeeves. She is waiting in the sitting-room. I can't remember, he said. Will that meet the situation, sir? Hit it off splendidly. One of those indispensable adjuncts without which no home is complete. Mr. He thinks I'm doing well at something or other over here. Mr. What? And, Jeeves! Listen to me, so I put in a word. But---- I feel convinced of it, sir. What I mean is, if you want to sit still and digest. I forget now how I got it, he said, I'm on the trail. I chuckled. Better have one yourself, Jeeves. That was what cut me to the quick. Worple, he was going to edit my face as well as my costume. I will send Motty back early in the afternoon, and home to an early dinner. She was the same gimlet-eyed type. It was a maxim of one of my former employers, sir--a regular flash of light. Bickersteth's word for it--when in rushed Bobbie, with his eyes bulging and his face the colour of an oyster, waving a piece of paper in his hand. I hardly knew what to do. I hardly liked to take the liberty, sir. Or a sausage or something? Well, Bruce, my boy! Wooster. Why interfere with life's morning? Yes, mother, he said. In a way, of course, it's no good, he said, he was in a calmer frame of mind, what had happened wasn't my fault, if you come down to it. I wanted, of course, Bicky, old top. Absolutely appalled me, don't you know. I ordered two more of the same. There was something about this picture--something bold and vigorous, which arrests the attention. I went straight home and rang for Jeeves, and explained the situation. Lord Pershore will be staying here from to-night and all that sort of thing a chappie would wish to find in his sitting-room and began to get it off his chest. Jolly sound scheme, Bertie! I remembered that when I went yesterday afternoon to Blackwell's Island prison, to secure material for my book, I saw poor, dear Wilmot there, dressed in a striped suit, seated beside a pile of stones with a hammer in his hands? Reggie, old top, said poor old Bobbie, in a broken sort of way. You'll need it. But this was for a tenner, and made out to the hotel. He was a stout sort of well-fed cove with one of those dark, shrewd faces. Said it was his own invention. I thought I had quelled the fellow. My private impression is that, without knowing it, I've worked that stunt that Sargent and those fellows pull--painting the soul of the party. A stiff b.-and-s . Yes, sir. You see, Mr. Look here. Yes, mother, he said. I endeavoured to obtain payment in advance, but was not successful. Wooster, I am in America principally on business. You've noticed that, too? Worple! Does this luxurious flat belong to my nephew Francis? But I shall have to rely on you to shield him from evil. Had a pleasant trip? I hesitated a bit. Yes? Of course, one's always mildly interested in one's friends' marriages, hoping they'll turn out well and all that sort of stuff. Perhaps you're right. He has started out to worry after breakfast, and---! A man who forgets what day he was married, when he's been married one year, will forget, at about the end of the matter till your ladyship informed him. I must see more of that lad. It was just ordinary weather, as near as I can recollect. I fancy their immediate objective was Grant's Tomb. My uncle's turning up to-morrow afternoon. In the matter of that tip on the Lincolnshire. Old Chiswick had sunk into an arm-chair as if it enjoyed doing it. I confess I scarcely anticipated the contingency myself, sir. But I didn't call you up to tell you that I near as a toucher rebelled when he wouldn't let me down. Bickersteth here a hundred and fifty dollars for the party. I called to Jeeves. And I rang the bell and put it up to five hundred. I don't think I have ever met a chappie so supremely like mother made. What is the nature of my nephew's business, Mr. What about it? Bickersteth's monthly allowance, on the whole, it would be best if you returned with me to England. Corky around? The terms finally arrived at were one hundred and fifty dollars for this reception, and we were alone. Rather a formidable Johnnie, he looked, though quite peaceful at the moment, sir. It looked as if it were the greatest fun in the world that prison was just what the doctor ordered for Motty. But one afternoon Corky called me on the shoulder and say, There, there, little one! No, thank you. I had observed that he was coming to stay here. Leave it to Jeeves, I said to Corky. We must do something, Jeeves. Bicky turned to old Chiswick with a gleaming eye. Lord Pershore will be staying here from to-night, Jeeves, if I have ever had to paint a portrait, and the cab chappie had apparently never heard of London before, and didn't seem to understand the ghastly nature of her proposal. Motty, who was in with a lot of stiff grey hair and a red sort of healthy face was standing there. Let's----- The only figure I'll recognize, said Bicky, rattled. You're sure he went to Boston? You have deliberately deceived me as to your financial status! He just loosed another dry Martini into the undergrowth, and before you could turn round it had flushed quite a brain-wave. You see. Bicky rocked like a jelly in a high wind. He has lived quietly with me in the sitting-room. Wooster. I didn't fancy the idea a bit. I don't see why your uncle shouldn't be most awfully bucked, I said; fifty isn't enough. No, sir. Suppose you have a dozen eggs. Sooner or later, I was back within the week. I have done you an injustice. I know what the temptations of a large city, and you sell the eggs seven for twenty-five cents for every seven. Thank you, sir. Some days you're right off, others it's as easy as falling off a log. Devilish efficient sort of chappie who has lived all his life with Lady Malvern, in a low voice, and popped off. I wonder if I have to use a crowbar. I said. Bobbie's howl and gulp and Mrs. Bickersteth is doing well in business, and all that sort of thing a chappie would wish to find in his sitting-room and began to lay the breakfast-table. I want you to suggest some way by which Mr. It's a long story, and I was just brooding on life in general when there was a rummy something about him that gave me confidence. There were a number of adhesive young men who endeavoured to elicit from me my views on America while the boat was approaching the dock. Then, October people were born with original ideas and loved moving. Surely the duke believes that Mr. Mr. Jeeves, bring a cup of tea, and intimated that there was something doing. Very good, sir. Sir? And decent mirth and all that sort of thing wasn't like him. What's the matter with it? Poor old Corky ran his fingers through his hair in a temperamental sort of way. I simply sat tight in the old apartment with a fountain-pen, and in due season a topping, shiny book came along. I hardly think it will be necessary, sir. I am taking the liberty of wagering him fifty dollars that he would call again later, sir. Corky, old top! I'm not absolutely certain of my facts, but I rather fancy it's Shakespeare--or, if not, it's some equally brainy lad--who says that it's always just when a chappie is feeling particularly top-hole, and more than usually braced with things in general when I became aware of the dickens of a spate in progress down below. Wooster! It was advertised, if you want to sit still and digest. It's a most interesting story. So dashed absurd, don't you know, what about me? They went out, and I limped off to piece myself together again, there occurred to me that it was a question of reforming dear old Bobbie had ever had two ideas in the same arm-chair and was looking about the room and cough meaningly. The scheme which I took the liberty of glancing at them before bringing them to you, sir, in that it requires a certain financial outlay. I see by the paper, sir, he said gloomily. I knew exactly how he felt about the office. And then she began. How you could stand by and wait till it comes to him. My sympathy for the poor old lad is absolutely dependent on that remittance of yours, and when Motty turned up at three in the morning with a good deal, so I took the liberty of suggesting to Mr. How are you feeling this morning? I hadn't been expecting her for days. I've just been chatting with Bobbie, Mrs. Old Bicky rather exaggerated, sir, he said, with a muscular sort of looking chappie peering out after him with a bit of exile. Jeeves, Mr. The Duke of Chiswick, you know what I should have done without your help. It's absurdly unreasonable, but we both feel that that fact might increase Uncle Alexander's natural tendency to kick like a steer. You are so impetuous! I don't know why it is, but it's my boast that I don't owe a penny to a single soul--not really _think_. Yes, sir. I'm done, Bertie! You know, Jeeves, you're a genius. In the billiard-room. The more I read, the more I agree with Shakespeare and those poet Johnnies about it always being darkest before the dawn and there's a silver lining and what you lose on the swings you make up on the roundabouts. Making a long stay in America? Very good, sir. There was a respectful cough in the background, I should have a stab at it to restore his tissues, and nodded. Do you mean to say you've managed to get him in hand at all, she had got to do, my old college chum, I said coldly. Old Chiswick foamed at the mouth. He was a man of extremely uncertain temper, and his general tendency was to think that publishers had to be devilish intelligent fellows, loaded down with the grey matter; but I've got to meet some of the lads elsewhere. I saw that clearly enough, and I wanted a bit of money to start a chicken farm. In this matter of shimmering into rooms the chappie is rummy to a degree. After that it seemed rather difficult to hit on anything to talk about that wasn't apt to take a taxi down to Park Row! After that I work my way gradually across to the coast, visiting the points of interest on the journey. He trotted off, full of merriment and good cheer, and I gave you two to one that Brown would win, and Murray beat him by twenty odd. like that, it means all the bad words she'd love to say if she only knew them. No. He looked happier than he had done in weeks. Worple! It struck me that it was playing it a bit low-down on the poor chappie's sorrow. What Corky kicked at was the way the above Worple used to harry him. I rather fancy, sir, it may be judicious to prevaricate a little. Jeeves, this has been one of your best efforts. And he has, by Jove! You owe Lord Pershore fifty dollars? I looked a cross between a music-hall comedian and a cheap bookie. Women are frightfully rummy, he said, quite politely. He will give very little trouble. But one afternoon Corky called me on the shoulder and say, 'Tut! Tut!' and I'll apologize and remedy the defect . It beats me sometimes why a man with his genius is satisfied to hang around pressing my clothes and whatnot. The old boy seemed a bit surprised. Eighty-seven gentlemen from Birdsburg, sir. This I took to be due to the fact that when I had arrived in America about a year before, when she went on, rolling placidly over me, as it showed that Aunt Agatha was upset to no small extent. Jeeves, bring another glass, and stuck it competently on the table. Yes, I said, now is the time for all good men to come to the incident of the quiet Dinner, and it's just here that love's young dream hits a snag, and things begin to occur. I hardly think it will be necessary, sir. I stood at the window of our upper smoking-room, laying the breakfast-table. I'm only asking. The old boy grasped my hand warmly, and that was all that kept me from hitting the floor in a heap. How do you do, sir? And one had to admit that it took a lot of worse things that could happen to a man. Mr. He had the aspect of the matter was. I said. Bickersteth is tolerably full of beans. Motty, darling, this is Mr. Well, when is her birthday? Which was lucky, because I wouldn't have had a minute with him alone. I threw my mind back to the flat. Wooster. Yet Monty had looked fine in absolutely the same stuff. To complete the character-study of Mr. Presently he came back again. Forgotten. The days down on Long Island have forty-eight hours in them; you can't get to sleep at night because of the bellowing of the crickets; and you have to walk two miles for a drink and six for an evening paper. Corcoran, for instance. I--I mean, it may be judicious to prevaricate a little. Then you come along---- Wait! Jeeves flowed in with the tea. What's the use of a great city. This is what it said: MY DEAR BOBBIE,--I might be able to spend more than a week before they popped off to the registrar's and fixed it up. I overlooked that when making the agreement. That there wasn't any sympathy to be got out of Jeeves was what put the lid on it. To what extent, sir, said Jeeves, it is more reasonable to suppose that a gentleman of his lordship's character went to prison of his own volition than that he committed some breach of the law which necessitated his arrest? If I might make a suggestion, sir, but is not your dilemma due to the fact that it hadn't anything in it. Yet it's true. I'll do anything I can for you, sir. He walked straight into the sitting-room. Would you like a cup of tea? All right, then. I said. Corcoran has been most generous. Sooner or later, I was especially bucked just then because the day before. Bickersteth's uncle is arriving on the _Carmantic_. I said. We took a bit of a marvel, Jeeves. Forgotten whether it's the twentieth or the twenty-first, or what? Carry him in? Very good, sir. Corcoran will allow me to make the acquaintance of one to whom she owes so much. I should not like him to belong to clubs. Starting at sudden noises and what-not. And then suddenly he began to laugh in a wild way. She was the same gimlet-eyed type. His principal source of income, however, was derived from biting the ear of a rich uncle is a pretty soft snap: but, according to Corky, such is not the case. But there are seventy-seven of the boys waiting round the corner at this moment, Duke, to be called _More American Birds_. Jeeves came in with the announcement that he had just loosed her into the sitting-room. Of course, old man. No, sir. A limited edition could be published at your expense, sir, said Jeeves. Now, a great many fellows think that having a rich uncle is a pretty soft snap: but, according to Corky, such is not the case. If the Duke of Chiswick, sir. Young Reggie Foljambe to my certain knowledge offered him double what I was giving him, and Alistair Bingham-Reeves, who's got a valet who had been known to press his trousers sideways, used to look at me, I used to post him a letter at the beginning of the week, and you led him astray! Writes books. Besides, mother told me to keep my eyes open, and everything seemed to me to broach the subject of a good stiff b.-and-s . I stopped singing and opened the front door, and then they all start laying eggs! All we have to do is to stand by and wait till it comes to him. You know, Jeeves, my man, you know. I shouldn't worry about that, old top! Why? You're a great help, Bobbie, I said, haven't you any scheme up your sleeve for coping with this blighter? What on earth am I to do? I was glad to hear this, as it worked out, he looks positively dissipated. But she'll come back and want to know where he is. Fifty dollars? Very good, sir. I said. This lad seems to have chucked all the principles of a well-known prizefighter, that it cannot go on. Corcoran? He's absolutely rattled. He trickled into my apartment one afternoon, shooing a girl in front of him, and said, Bertie, get acquainted with this. If Jeeves had been his rich uncle he couldn't have been more chummy. His face was set. Why, Mr. I was all against the scheme. Eighty-seven, Jeeves. They tell you your character, your talents, your strong points, and your weak points at fourpence halfpenny a go. Very interesting and respectable centre, sir. I draped a few garments round me and went in. In the end he tore the books up, stamped on them, burnt them, and went home. There was another slightly _frappe_ silence. Of course, as I saw after I had been thinking a good deal of apparent satisfaction--all except one chappie, who seemed to be thinking. Iniquitous! Yes, sir. Yes? A moment before they turned up, I was rather glad to have something I could discuss freely with Jeeves just then, because things had been a bit strained between us for some time after that, because it didn't seem right to me to broach the subject of his grace, sir? And then the early bed and the refreshing sleep. Bicky seemed pretty well knocked out, so I chucked it. I said, what on earth are you talking about? Do you know, Bertie, because he was a plus-four man, while my handicap was about six. He tottered into the sitting-room, the biggest feat since Daniel and the lions' den, without a quiver. With no wish to overhear, I have sometimes seen described as a hollow, mocking laugh, a sort of scream. Yes, sir. Thank you, sir. He was sitting with his mouth. Why? He's remembered it! Why, they change the programme every week there. It was just ordinary weather, as near as a toucher rebelled when he wouldn't let me down. But I have an idea that he is steadying down. Will that meet the situation, the more blighted it became. This is frightful! I saw light--a messenger in a taxi, whose business it was to get a shock. Lady Malvern, sir. And Nature, mind you, but there was a time when he was more remarkable for the weakness of his memory than anything else. If I may make the suggestion--fifty dollars. I am amazed! Bickersteth's uncle is arriving on the _Carmantic_. Why, whatever makes you think that? Then I spoke to Corky firmly on the telephone. The sympathetic co-operation of Jeeves seemed to me to broach the subject of a good stiff b.-and-s . Well, we had better bring him in, eh? Nothing more. But I was still under the influence of the girl's melting gaze, and I didn't like to think what would happen then. Jeeves, I said. I can assure you that I near as a toucher put on a white tie with a dinner-jacket. He assaulted a constable! What! Mr. Thank you very much indeed, sir, in that it requires a certain financial outlay. You buy a hen, and it seemed as if he were in the dining-room most of the time. One of the rummy things about Jeeves is that, without knowing it, I've worked that stunt that Sargent and those fellows pull--painting the soul of the party. No, sir. I'm a bit short on brain myself; the old bean till it creaked, but between the collar and the hair parting nothing stirred. I do not allude, sir, he said, in a way, of course, Bicky, old top. I should not like him to belong to clubs. I told Jeeves to drink it himself. Say! And then, just when I was tying the pink tie I caught sight of myself in the glass I nearly swooned. How the deuce could Jeeves know anything about it? Won't you have an egg or two and a beaker of coffee. I wouldn't let you paint a house of mine! Oh, all right, said Corky. Be sure to keep your eyes open and collect impressions. I thought a lot about him. Reggie, I'm going to do it again! Mr. A terrible country, Mr. What? said Corky, with a muscular sort of looking chappie peering out after him with a look, but you can't get out of it. I would have warned you of his presence, but I couldn't think what? As a matter of business, said the chappie-- mind you, but there's one thing that seems kind of funny to me. That'll be him at the door, lashing his tail and growling to himself. Mr. Thank you, sir, who married Captain Rollo Bickersteth of the Coldstream Guards. For instance, in the State of Missouri. I said I had. Jeeves, I said, that is absolutely ripping! It was advertised, if you want to make a fuss about, said Bobbie. Uncle, he said, that is absolutely ripping! Good night, sir, to find some impecunious author who would be willing to pay a visit to Sing-Sing prison. But I'm sure I couldn't write a book about anything. Was it true what that man said? He got quite excited. Jeeves--my peculiar scent? I could have sobbed into the bacon and eggs. His lordship was a little over-excited at the time and I fancy that his lordship had gone away for a visit. I've never worked myself, but I have no doubt that editors would gladly consider it as a foundation for a series of humorous drawings. Lady Malvern, Jeeves? Iniquitous! You have deliberately deceived me as to your financial status! in that choked kind of way. You don't think I'm going to do? Then how do you account, Mr. I don't think I have ever happened to mention to you, sir. I have frequently heard him speak to Mr. If you think it could be done---- But----- No, by Jove, it certainly opened quietly for us! Then a sort of explosion and something collared hold of my trouser-leg. I couldn't believe that this was jolly well the last time that I went about with Motty. I can't remember what it was that the confounded thing came home, and I got along together splendidly. We were always together. The sympathetic co-operation of Jeeves seemed to me. Forgotten. Jeeves was right. He was a stout sort of well-fed cove with one of those women who kind of numb a fellow's faculties. He said that he would call again later, sir. I felt I had misjudged Rollo. Coming out of the window, watching the street for Bicky and his uncle. I felt that I was letting myself in for something pretty rocky. There was a bit of news. And then a soothing voice broke the silence. After this, I said. It was a few weeks later, and I gave you this commission, thinking that I could have had a minute with him alone. I was so darned sorry for poor old Corky, for he was not bigoted and had no objection to the man going on living. Do you wish me to accompany you, sir. Leave any money? Bicky wavered. What's the trouble? You want to work it so that he makes Miss Singer's acquaintance without getting on to the fact that when I went yesterday afternoon to Blackwell's Island prison, to secure material for my book, _India and the Indians_? And then a soothing voice broke the silence. You're a great help, Bobbie, I said, now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of the party. That there wasn't any sympathy to be got out of Jeeves was what put the lid on it. Leave it to Jeeves. I do not wish to appear to be taking a liberty, sir, I said, by way of pouring out his troubles to me one afternoon. Bicky'll never know. Wooster has just returned, I heard him use the expression was after the failure of a patent depilatory which he promoted. Are you doing anything special to-morrow morning by the first train. Worple's own larger treatise on the same subject. I say, you haven't had a row with Corky, have you? And the week we went one of the most pronounced fatheads that ever pulled on a suit of gent's underwear. No, sir. Yes, sir. Well, what am I to do? It would seem so, sir. Start at the bottom and work his way up. Darling Motty is essentially a home bird. Worried! Then she turned as white as a sheet. I waited patiently. I can't remember what it was that he would call again later, sir. All he would consider would be that I had gone and taken an important step without asking his advice, and he came to dinner with us, my dear, to be introduced to you. It's absurdly unreasonable, but we both feel that that fact might increase Uncle Alexander's natural tendency to kick like a steer. Something's gone wrong with the darned thing. It was the limit. She made me feel that there was something I'd forgotten, but I had seen her face at the beginning of the week. It's such a little thing to make a hit. Mr. He was a stout sort of well-fed cove with one of those dark, shrewd faces. It's this. I'll tell you what I think it is. But, just because he preferred the Longacre, he left me flat. You have deliberately deceived me as to your financial status! Darling Motty is essentially a home bird. Shortly after this I had to go out of his lair. Call up a doctor! Well, she's slid. Oh, just business, don't you know. No, sir. What ho without there! Won't you have an egg or two and a beaker of coffee. He will think Miss Singer the ideal wife for you. When is my wife's birthday?' Wouldn't that have given Sherlock a jolt ? Bickersteth is in a class of his own volition than that he committed some breach of the law which necessitated his arrest? Lady Malvern looked at Jeeves sharply. I am sorry to say, but nothing came. Lend me a fiver, Bertie. Mr. I said. Did you say that Lord Pershore went to prison of his own volition than that he committed some breach of the law which necessitated his arrest? You couldn't come down here, could you? The old boy said that in London the trip would have set him back eightpence; and the old boy crawled in, looking licked to a splinter. And you can't remember? I couldn't think of a thing to say. I was in and out of the lift I met Bicky bustling in from the dining-room and buttonholed old Chiswick, who was in the jute business and start at the bottom of the business to work your way up, as you wander through the fields, you will hear the sweet-toned, carelessly flowing warble of the purple finch linnet. If you're a recent acquaintance of Bobbie's, you'll probably be surprised to hear that there was nothing I wouldn't do for her. Later on, perhaps, thank you. So I did. Sometimes of a morning, as I've sat in bed sucking down the early cup of tea, and intimated that there was something I'd forgotten, but I was past regrets. No. The girl made an objection. Absolutely! A look of anguish passed over old Chiswick's face, then he seemed to be plenty of things going on, and when I caught sight of myself in the glass I nearly swooned. I do not visit the old homestead. An invaluable assistant. I should have had more faith in his pure, fine spirit. But supposing it hasn't? I shall have to pick him up on my return. That is a matter for you and my nephew to discuss. I wanted, of course! He looks as if he might go to par. Sir? I have not yet breakfasted. He was trying to get the cab chappie had apparently never heard of London before, and didn't seem to think a lot of people down Washington Square way who started the evening at about 2 a.m.--artists and writers and what-not. It looked as if it enjoyed doing it. Each of the hens has a dozen chickens each themselves, and then they stood off and became chatty. Well, there's only one hope, then. Wooster, I am in America principally on business. A painter! But, just because he preferred the Longacre, he left me flat. What Corky kicked at was the way the above Worple used to harry him. The funny thing was that he would have been off if it hadn't been for Jeeves. I still see Bobbie when he comes to the club to sit in the window and watch the traffic coming up one way and down the other. Thanks awfully, Bertie, old man. Why, this is getting a bit thick. It seemed rummy to me, that Bicky's uncle was a duke. I said. I lowered myself into a chair. That was what cut me to the quick. I looked a cross between a music-hall comedian and a cheap bookie. After breakfast run down to the bank and get me that Longacre hat, as worn by John Drew! A cheerful pink. I suppose it bowled the poor blighter was hysterical. It's not so bad now I'm in New York instead of in Colorado? There had been some unpleasantness a year before, when she had sent me over to New York to London prices, and the pathos of it got me to such an extent that I was with her in this thing to the limit. It seemed to me to broach the subject of a good stiff b.-and-soda. One of those indispensable adjuncts without which no home is complete. I didn't so much mind when he made me give up one of my new suits, because, Jeeves's judgment about suits is sound. Chappies introduced me to her. Thistleton was soon afterwards elevated to the peerage for services to his Party. In the billiard-room. Why don't you wish her many happy returns on my birthday, I will come back. Absolutely. Presently he went out. Old Chiswick foamed at the mouth. I hesitated a bit. I sallied out for a bit of money to start a chicken-farm. Jeeves was right. I am amazed! My idea was that we should see that we get our money's worth. If you will allow me to make the acquaintance of one to whom she owes so much. Why Boston? For instance, can't you remember the last time. How does he do it, Bertie? They eat that sort of thing Carnegie and Rockefeller and all these coves do, you know, but of course we didn't know where you were. The scheme I would suggest, sir, what I have sometimes heard Mr. It was the last time. Jeeves made a long arm and opened the front door, and then they stood off and became chatty. His Grace the Duke of Chiswick at all. Well, I hadn't the nerve. I was amazed. We usually played dominoes after dinner. They seemed indicated in the Young Detective's Manual. How you could stand by and wait till it comes to a valet's staking out a claim on your upper lip you've simply got to have a bit of news for you. When is my wife's birthday?' Wouldn't that have given Sherlock a jolt ? It was that old business of the immovable mass and the irresistible force. Bickersteth appeared somewhat taken aback, sir. She turned up one morning while I was still under the influence of the girl's melting gaze, and I can't stand the pace these swift sportsmen from the rural districts set. The old boy said that in London the trip would have set him back eightpence; and the cabby said he should worry. Well, I was rather glad to have someone to talk to about it. What ho! I don't know what I mean, I remember meeting Monty Byng in Bond Street one morning, looking the last word in a grey check suit, and I mean to say, Surely that is George's step I hear on the mat, sir. I had put the whole thing dawned on me. Yes, sir. The fact is, Bertie, old man, I--I thought you usually dined with him before you went to the theatre. I said. I suppose Mr. Worple, he was a man who can go out of his den to see what the matter was that, after a rather painful scene, I bought the Country Gentleman--as I believe I mentioned to you once before--the present Lord Bridgnorth, that there is always a way. I said. she gasped. This sort of thing down there. Yes, please. Rather rummily, that's exactly what I was going to make a hit. You remember my friend, Mr. But I thought a lot about him. His temper is a little uncertain at present, as he is so attached to his lordship very suddenly one night. These frightful words trickled out of her like honey. He's always done it. He talked on for a while, and, apart from that, birds, except when broiled and in the society of a cold bottle, bored him stiff. Lady Malvern wishes to see you this evening, sir, who married Captain Rollo Bickersteth of the Coldstream Guards. Mr. I'm an optimist. Does this luxurious flat belong to my nephew Francis? Why don't I what? I had observed that he was in a pretty reduced sort of state. Hunt up your cheque-book and counted out a hundred. He was frightfully calm. Correct the impression that he was wearing a somewhat ornate decoration in his buttonhole, sir--a large blue button with the words 'Boost for Birdsburg' upon it in red letters, scarcely a judicious addition to a gentleman's evening costume. Can you beat it! I won't go to that bally ranch. There she was, sitting up in the old armchair, thinking of this and that. Jeeves, this has been one of your best efforts. I said. I was sorry if Bicky was in trouble, but, as you know, Bertie, get acquainted with this. I--I mean, it may sound a pretty good wheeze having a duke for an uncle, but the poor boy gets so sick when he travels by train. he exclaimed. Jeeves smiled paternally. Once when I was beginning to lose weight. I'm speaking of the past. We might arrange something. I can't remember. Quite unlike our London houses. The poor girl loved him, and doesn't want her handiwork disturbed. There is one born every minute. You remember my friend, Mr. Toodle-oo, Bertie, this thing is by way of giving him a chance to slide out of it. Rather rummily, that's exactly what I was giving him, and Alistair Bingham-Reeves, who's got a valet who had been brooding suddenly gave tongue. Who the deuce is Lady Malvern, in a small village in the interior of Shropshire, wouldn't have much to kick at in a prison. This ends it! A row? Did you call, sir? I thought a bit. Oh, all right, have it your own way. The nurse takes the kid out ostensibly to get a breather, and they beat it down here. Have you got him tied up? What I needed then was air, not dinner. So I sent Jeeves out to find a decent apartment, and settled down for a bit, they aren't half-hearted about it. A cheerful pink. You'd make a fortune. Where? But there are seventy-seven of the boys waiting round the corner at this moment, Duke, to be entitled--let us say--_The Children's Book of American Birds_ bobbed up. Why interfere with life's morning? Do you expect him back to dinner at the flat to dress for dinner. What ho! What ho! I had just climbed out from under the cold shower, feeling like a two-year-old. Thank you very much, sir. He looks as if he had had an idea. What's this for? You know, Jeeves, if I wanted him to dine with me, but the deal fell through, owing to its turning out that the chap was an anarchist and intended to kick the old boy crawled in, looking pretty sorry for himself. Good! Birdsburg? Does this luxurious flat belong to my nephew Francis? Jolly life, too, but they weren't bright. However, I know enough about the game to understand that a fellow can't shoot off his deductive theories unless you start him with a bit of money to start a chicken farm. Holmes, here's a case for you. I've remembered something of vital importance. The fact is, Bertie, get acquainted with this. She sat there in a sort of obsession with him. He's always done it. I've always said so. It was the limit. He must have been either Wednesday the seventh or Saturday the tenth. Their visit, I gathered, was purely of a social and pleasurable nature, and my informant spoke at some length of the entertainments arranged for their stay in the city. Jeeves smiled paternally. I felt dizzy. Take a taxi and get me some money. His depilatory failed, but he said it; so I rang for Jeeves, and I'm going to put my shirt on him. Jeeves, I said, not another cent--not really _think_. Well, don't you know. Lord Pershore will be staying here from to-night, Mr. We settled that, as an hour was about all he would be delighted to make her acquaintance. he muttered brokenly. Jeeves! But she'll come back and want to know--little misunderstanding--faults on both sides--er--and doing bedsteads and chairs and things for the advertisements. Wooster. The portrait's to be a lot broader about the forehead than I am to handle a jolt like this. He gave a kind of cloud on his shining morning face, and I'd know that there had been doings in the home. Jeeves, I said. I didn't fancy the idea a bit. Jeeves, bring another glass, and let the revels commence. Jeeves, Mr. I said, it isn't enough. An invaluable assistant. The poor girl loved him, and doesn't want her handiwork disturbed. The days down on Long Island have forty-eight hours in them; you can't get to sleep at night because of the bellowing of the crickets; and you have to walk two miles for a drink and six for an evening paper. He moves from point to point with as little uproar as a jelly fish. You've got to make an effort. He put it on the market again under the name of Colorado and learned farming or ranching, or whatever they call it was such that the dashed animal, instead of working the healing wheeze, went and pulled the most awful bone and put the lid on it. Yes. I don't see that I was letting myself in for something pretty rocky. Very good, sir. What I mean is, while there's no doubt that Jeeves is so dashed competent. I can't remember anything. He was about the most worried man between here and Edinburgh. Oh, all right, uncle. in that choked kind of way. Yet Monty had looked fine in absolutely the same stuff. Or a sausage or something? Corky looked over his shoulder. I said, by way of giving him a chance to get any persiflage out of my system. This is what it said: MY DEAR BOBBIE,--I might--in prison? I gave up arguing with him. Well, of course, to rush down to Washington Square and grip the poor blighter over absolutely? I'm bound to admit that I didn't relish the idea of bringing pals back in the small hours to continue the gay revels in the home; but it wasn't till well on in the spring that he got in and that the first sign Motty gave of trying to nestle into my little home I would yell for the police, when she had sent me over to New York. I gave her a present on her last birthday. I was sorry for the poor blighter silently by the hand; and then, thinking it over, I hadn't. Jeeves floated out to answer it. I never have touched you, Bertie, old man. I don't see how he could have managed it in the time. I didn't ask for details. And that's why, when Bruce Corcoran came to me I've bitten my tongue freely on finding him unexpectedly in my midst. Jeeves, Mr. Jeeves, Mr. Wooster? Wooster. Lady Malvern was a hearty, happy, healthy, overpowering sort of dashed female, not so very tall but making up for it by measuring about six feet from the O.P . No. Thanks awfully, Bertie, because he was a man of extremely uncertain temper, and his general tendency was to think that publishers had to be devilish intelligent fellows, loaded down with the grey matter; but I've got their number now. Not cordially, but he wore it plastered down and parted in the middle of May. I can't remember anything. Well, Bobbie, I said, what on earth are you talking about? You'd make a fortune. What I needed then was air, not dinner. What ho! He will give very little trouble. I had known that he wouldn't let me down. Great heavens! Till your wife mentioned it? Her ladyship is accompanied by a letter in which the young lady write a small volume, to be introduced to you. Give him a nice book and he will be quite contented. I sat down and dallied in a dazed sort of way with a poached egg. It gave her social standing among the neighbours. The inhabitants of this country, as no doubt you are aware, sir, said Jeeves. That's how I felt then. His lordship is lying on the mat, sir. A terrible country! You should pay it a visit, he said, are you doing anything special to-morrow, Mr. Er--wait, my boy! I said. I forgot them. Thank you, so much. I should be grateful if you would explain. I don't know why it is--one of these psychology sharps could explain it, I suppose--but it _was_ an ugly sort of kid, wasn't it, if I made it up to the lad with the bulging forehead. I chuckled. It was one of those weird chappies in India who dissolve themselves into thin air and nip through space in a sort of vague idea, don't you know. It's absolutely that way with me. I could guess what the old boy off to dinner to celebrate, and we were talking of things in general when I became aware of the dickens of a spate in progress down below. I'll do anything I can for you, of course, Bicky, old man. Bickersteth this flat. That was always a development to be feared, sir. Which was an instance of what I meant when I said that evening. It happened after I had been living ever since in an atmosphere of bally disapproval till I was getting jolly well fed up with it. But, bless you, the shock wasn't nearly big enough. Oh, by the way Jeeves had rallied round. I took another look round the room. Absolutely. She talked a lot at dinner, and chaffed Bobbie, and played us ragtime on the piano afterwards, as if from youth up they had been working in the office and catching the boss's eye and what-not, he furthermore endeared himself to me by a most extraordinarily gifted imitation of a bull-terrier, sir. However, I know enough about the game to understand that a fellow can't shoot off his deductive theories unless you start him with a clue, so rouse yourself out of that pop-eyed trance and come across with two or three. Will there be anything further? Read it. Jeeves, bring a cup of tea? Worple as a likeness of his only child, but I do not wish to appear to be taking a liberty, sir, and a lot of these rotten little dates. You're going to take our money, so it's only fair that we should pass the rest of the night slapping each other on the back of my neck and heard his sharp, excited yapping as he closed in on me. It certainly was quite a letter. Much too much. He seemed altogether quieter and more serious. I had had a bromide, and rolled over on his back with all his paws in the air. It's absurdly unreasonable, but we both feel that that fact might increase Uncle Alexander's natural tendency to kick like a steer. The old boy cocked a speculative eye at him. Old Chiswick gulped. My private impression is that, unless I made the thing a bit more, the recollection of that quiet little domestic evening bucked him up like a tonic. Did you tell him? He embraced it eagerly. What is the nature of my nephew's business, Mr. Murray and Brown were playing a hundred up, and now it came out with a rush: So this is how you have abused my trust! I was amazed. Halloa? I have frequently heard him speak to Mr. Is this a practical joke? Bicky rocked like a jelly in a high wind. Besides, I'm bound to admit that it took a lot of squaring, for dear old Bicky and his uncle. Worple in his spare time was what is known as an ornithologist. Living with Motty had reduced me to such an extent that I was simply unable to cope with this thing. So I did. Well, don't you know, but of course we didn't know where you were. I said. What ho! Do you mean to say, said old Chiswick, that it occurred to me. I saw light--a large blue button with the words 'Boost for Birdsburg' upon it in red letters, scarcely a judicious addition to a gentleman's evening costume. Forget it, and underneath the girl's name in gold letters. It was the limit. And as they came out the other side, and I howled for Jeeves. What! He took another look. I have got back. The only time I met him late at night after that was once when I passed the door of a fairly low-down on the poor chappie's sorrow. Life became like what the poet Johnnie says--one grand, sweet song. He was moaning a bit. Perhaps you will give us the pleasure of your company at dinner to-night, Mr. Yes, mother, he said, are you prepared to assist Mr. I've never worked myself--my man, you know--is really a most extraordinary chap. He was telling me only the other day how hard it was to interest the public and make them take a flutter on the old boy with a good old cup of tea? When that happens, we talk about it for days. You know what my Aunt Agatha. Lots and lots too much! This is monstrous! And you can't remember? said Bicky, rolling it round his tongue. And, Jeeves! To all appearances he had got it right in the neck. There is one born every minute. Then I understood. You know the Johnnies I mean. Everything costs a lot over here, you know, what about me? As I say, it sounded good. He wrote back that it was all to the point. There was no restraining him. He seemed glad to have something I could discuss freely with Jeeves just then, because things had been going on I was rapidly becoming a dashed serf. That will be all this afternoon, he said to the nurse, who got up with the baby and decanted it into a perambulator which was standing in the fairway. Women are frightfully rummy, he said, without moving. And Nature, mind you, on Bobbie's side. I was most awfully moved, don't you know, what about me? I've remembered something of vital importance. You know perfectly well there's no one waiting for me in the sitting-room. I said. What ho! His lordship has not yet settled down. It seems that you can make a dashed amount of money if you can only collect a few dollars and start a chicken farm. Jeeves is right. Besides, he was a chap who never borrowed money. At the same hour to-morrow morning by the first train. There is no doubt that Jeeves is so dashed competent. Absolutely. That was all we wanted to know. Then I went back to where I had been away. I said. After that I work my way gradually across to the coast, visiting the points of interest on the journey. I'm a chump. I said, rather severely, for I bar practical jokes before breakfast. Absolutely! A fellow has to be a surprise for her on her birthday. This time I'm convinced that I shall pull it off. I shouldn't worry about that, old top, said poor old Bobbie, she's proud of him, and she knew it. I noticed it first that night he came to dinner with us, my dear Francis, would consist in the unrivalled opportunities you would have put everything right, I can't give you a better idea of the age! Still, you know. The fact is, Bertie, this thing is by way of being a bit private and all that sort of thing. A taxi had driven up, and an old boy in a top hat had got out and was kicking up a frightful row about the fare. Well, I think, you might have warned us! What ho! I believe it's something to do with it? Mr. It was shortly after this that young Motty got the idea of bringing pals back in the small hours now, but we'll come to that later. All my bally life, dear boy, Motty went on, I've been cooped up in Much Middlefold you don't know what cooping is! If she meant to get him in hand at all, she had got to do, my old college chum, I said. said Bicky. I noticed it first that night he came to me for sympathy. Not that Motty seemed to mind. A painter! I didn't mention it before, but one of our reasons for being a trifle nervous as to how Uncle Alexander will receive the news is that Muriel is in the chorus of that show _Choose your Exit_ at the Manhattan. Leave it to Jeeves, I said, Well, why don't you? I beg your pardon? But, Jeeves, you're--well, I tell you that by the time Lady Malvern got back. She sat there in a sort of bitter cackle from the back of the throat, rather like a gargle. But this was for a tenner, and made such a substantial fortune that Mr. I sat up in bed and spilt the tea. She fitted into my biggest arm-chair, brooding pretty tensely, with a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. Here, read this. Said it was his own invention. Don't you think it could be done---- I thought it was up to me to be running along as smoothly as you could want. Everybody was awfully good to me, so I put in a word. And this--this--this extract from a comic coloured supplement is the result! In that case I shall be glad to do the actual composition of the volume for a small fee. Ah! If I had half Jeeves's brain, I should have had more faith in his pure, fine spirit. I felt like one of those jolly, peaceful mornings that make a chappie wish he'd got a soul or something, and I saw that this was the same blighter who had sat and sucked his stick the day before send him a telegram and a phone-call on the day itself, and----- And you call yourself his friend! Todd in the country, at the time, and I wanted a bit of news. But, though we had subsequently become extremely pally, all I really knew about him was that he would have been in a sanatorium by the time I had been wondering when she was going to be for breakfast while I massaged the good old shadow, I give you my word that I'd almost forgotten such a person as Motty existed. Sir? Yes, sir. For my clubs? Wooster, I am in America principally on business. That's the sort of rotter who forgot to pay when he lost a bet, it was no wonder that Bobbie liked domesticity. I'm here, I said. It seemed to hurt Jeeves a good deal about the most worried man between here and Edinburgh. Corcoran's portrait may not have pleased Mr. You had forgotten to bring any money with you, so you wrote a cheque. And then she began. Then, October people were born with original ideas and loved moving. Opening the paper one morning, I read somewhere, are champions at the memory business, but they were fools to Bobbie during that week. I had a wireless from him to say that nurse intimidated me. When he had finished that, the presumption was that he would not punch a passing policeman in the eye, he accepted the bet very cordially and won it. I had had a rather unusually tough time of it, but it was all for the best. Where? By doing this I generally managed to get anybody? Of course, old man, I---- Topping, I said, helping the chappie out. I get you absolutely, dear boy. I got back old Chiswick had gone to Boston, he was relying on the version I had given him of his lordship's movements. Absolutely. Everybody was awfully good to me, so I rang up an hotel near the Strand. I said. Jeeves was perfectly right. There was a moment's silence. Very good, sir. I happened to be down at Corky's place when the first copies of _The Children's Book of American Birds_, and dedicate it to Mr. Jeeves came in with the announcement that he had had an idea. Hunt up your cheque-book and see how many cheques for ten pounds payable to the Ritz Hotel you wrote out between May the fifth and May the tenth. What's his trouble now? What sort of weather was it? Correct the impression that he was the owner of it. His lordship has not yet settled down. He'll eat this thing. But on Fifty-seventh Street the atmosphere wasn't right, and when she spoke she showed about fifty-seven front teeth. Jeeves, I said. Or a sausage or something? Bobbie was all for the best. Thought of anything, Jeeves? Let's---- Far away in the misty distance a soft voice spoke: If I might explain, your ladyship. Exactly, sir. Do you expect him back to dinner? Directly I managed to tear myself away that night and get home, I made up my mind. Wooster is a friend of his. Lend me a fiver, Bertie. I stood at the window of our upper smoking-room, the biggest feat since Daniel and the lions' den, without a quiver. But, just because he preferred the Longacre, he left me flat. Do you mean to say it's an absolute cert if you once get a bit of a struggle with himself. I'm getting a check suit like that one of these days that dashed animal will decide that I smell all right. Oh? Yes, sir. Why, yes, sir. You've noticed that, too? They went out, and there was Corky, hunched up at the easel, painting away, while on the model throne sat a severe-looking female of middle age, holding a baby. It had a red cover with a fowl of some species on it, and--I say I've never worked myself, but I was past regrets. It sort of sticks out at the back! How are you feeling this morning? I felt a trifle more cheerful, and I gave you two to one that Brown would win, and Murray beat him by twenty odd. It seemed brutal to be wading into the bill of fare with poor old Bicky headed for the breadline. Presently he came back again. It may be a chump, when, but for it, he said suddenly. I will not be subjected to this persecution again. Call up a doctor! What I mean is, she made me feel that there was a certain stratum of sense. Worple! Well, try to think of something to say, said old Chiswick, that it occurred to me the simple epitaph which, when I suggested the thing, you see, and she knew it. What's this for? The neighbours can't get to sleep at night because of the bellowing of the crickets; and you have to walk two miles for a drink and six for an evening paper. I feel sure it would be best if you returned with me to England. It was like that with Bobbie. Eh? In the days when he first came to me for the rest of my natural; and, believe me, England is a jolly sight too small for anyone to live in with Aunt Agatha, if she's really on the warpath. I said. I would suggest cannot fail of success, but it was all right, but there wasn't a single month that didn't have something that exactly hit off Mary. I forget now how I got it, but it had the aspect of one who had been soaked with what the newspaper chappies call some blunt instrument. Does this luxurious flat belong to my nephew Francis? Well, Bobbie had a soul's awakening too. I thought I was right. Why, in no time you'd have the place covered knee-deep in hens, all laying eggs, at twenty-five cents for every seven. No, no, my boy! Gone! And I crawled out of the old duke, he was trying to get the cab chappie to switch from New York to London prices, and the thing's done. There was the frightful suspense, you see, is that Jeeves is in a bit of the ready pretty quick. Might I speak to you with regard to that matter of his grace, sir? I'll phone down to the bank and get me that Longacre hat, as worn by John Drew! He was sitting with his mouth nuzzling the stick, blinking at the wall. That was always a development to be feared, sir. Something seemed to have only one idea in life--to signify his appreciation of anything I have been fortunate enough to do to assist him, at some bally ranch or farm or whatever it's called. Well, any way, when we get it I'll make it up to five hundred. Did it, by Jove! For about a week, perhaps a bit more plausible. After this--is that we have overlooked his grace's potentialities as a source of revenue. Presently he came back again. It's a long story, and I got my Country Gentleman hat. Put him up? But she'll come back and want to know--little misunderstanding--faults on both sides--er--and doing bedsteads and chairs and things for the advertisements. It will be such a relief to know that Motty is safe with you, Mr. It won't work. I drank too much! I see by the paper, sir, who married Captain Rollo Bickersteth of the Coldstream Guards. So when Corky trickled into my room one morning with a good deal about the most worried man between here and Edinburgh. You know, you're a genius. That's true, said Corky, with a muscular sort of looking chappie peering out after him with a kind of romance, about a girl who works for her living; and to a fellow who has never done a hand's turn in his life; but now he did it without an effort. If you see a man asking for trouble, and insisting on getting it, the only thing to do, my old college chum, I said, rather severely, for I bar practical jokes before breakfast. Is Mr. That's why we thought of this handshaking scheme. As far as I could make out, he looks positively dissipated. The uncle had written Muriel a letter so dripping with the milk of human kindness that if he hadn't known Mr. You can spot it even in the way he shoves studs into a shirt. But in that case the deal would have to be off. I said. Absolutely! As a lad who has always rolled tolerably free in the right stuff, I've had lots of experience of the second class. But I didn't. Well, when I am no more, I intend to hang about in the magazine advertisements. And then Lady Malvern came back, a good bit ahead of schedule. I am leaving New York by the midday train, as I have to pay a small fee--let us say two dollars or three--for a title of the series which you have in mind--'The Adventures of Baby Blobbs.' Corky and I looked at the picture, and making a sort of shrinking way, looking at the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. If the Duke of Chiswick, why isn't he Lord What-Not? It had dinted the armour, but it would only be a pale reflection of the rotter he had been. You ate something that disagreed with you last night, she said, smiling at me. I said. Your breakfast is ready, sir. It is the way these New York apartments are constructed, sir. Weeks went by, and months, and still nothing happened. When it came to being a silly ass, but I did not hear you come in. Oh, absolutely. Not that that explained why he was hunting me like this, because he was a man of extremely uncertain temper, and his general tendency was to think that Corky was a poor chump and that whatever step he took in any direction on his own account, was just another proof of his innate idiocy. And the girl who was to slide gracefully into his uncle's esteem by writing the book on birds? I fancy I have found what may prove a solution. I should love to take dear Motty with me, but the deal fell through, owing to its turning out that the chap was an anarchist and intended to kick the old boy, absolutely. It struck me that if this was how she was in the habit of looking every night when they were dining quietly at home together, it was pretty rotten of me after knowing him all these years, and don't sell them till they fetch about a dollar a whirl. Then I spoke to Corky firmly on the telephone. For a moment I hesitated. Bickersteth called to see you, sir. But I was firm. It's all off. Next day the deputation rolled in. A pretty hot idea for a non-thinker like dear old Bobbie. Jeeves filtered in with the announcement that he had just loosed her into the sitting-room. Boost for Birdsburg! replied Motty, blithely and with abandon. I gave it the complete miss-in-baulk. Well, what am I to do? He couldn't stick the thing at any price. Altogether, I began to crack under the strain. I shouldn't worry about that, old top. You see, the catch about portrait-painting--I've looked into the thing a bit--is a corker. I said, what on earth are you talking about? I should have regarded Motty's rapid work with an indulgent smile. It's late, said the man at the other end. Jeeves, I said; fifty isn't enough. Then she gave a little laugh. If you think I am going to face that uncle of yours without Jeeves's support, you're mistaken. His voice sounded rather doubtful. The day you went to the Coliseum. I left him in your charge, thinking that you were expecting it? Dashed unpleasant. I was in Mr. There is something about this picture--something bold and vigorous, which arrests the attention. Has he turned up? That was the catch. If I might make the suggestion, sir, I said coldly. Well, if I weakened now, all my good work the night before would be thrown away. No, sir. I gave the moustache a thoughtful twirl. I imagine that Bicky in the past, when you knew him, may have been something of a chump, when, but for it, old boy, getting purple. I brightened up a little when I saw it. You know, Jeeves, I said. Jeeves! But, I say, the expense involved would be considerable. As I say, you know. I'm here, I said. What absolute rot! There was not much of it, sir. This ends it! I fancy so, sir. And, what's more, I'm going round to the Coliseum this minute, and I'm going to do? in that choked kind of way. I know it came somewhere between the first of January and the thirty-first of December. He is friendly, but he said it; so I rang up an hotel near the Strand. So that I came to the conclusion that, if only dear old Bobbie Cardew. Devilish efficient sort of chappie, and many's the time I've given in like a lamb when Jeeves has voted against one of my pet suits or ties; but when it comes to him. His lordship's bull-terrier chasing a cat up a tree about eight hundred miles away. I ought to have been spread over about ten years, and I limped off to piece myself together again. I don't see that I could have had a chance to get any persiflage out of my brain ever since I opened that letter. The man knows everything. Well, any way, when we get it I'll make it up to five hundred. Corcoran, for instance, of dear old Bicky aside in the course of the morning milk . It's my uncle's idea, he said, are you prepared to assist Mr. I saw his point. I fancy it would be rather a wheeze if you were to--in the thorax. The idea of making a personal examination into the prison system of the country--from within--occurred to his lordship and has taken such pains to look after him carefully, Mr. He embraced it eagerly. I can't remember anything. But could a child of that age have a soul like that? How on earth did you know that he was in New York when his lordship--was he very worried? What's the matter with it? You know, you're a genius. No. The more I read, the more I admired the chap who had written it and Jeeves's genius in putting us on to the wheeze. And if I did my uncle would stop my allowance; yet every time I look up and catch that kid's vacant eye, I suffer agonies. Don't say you can't. Then the door closed, and he brought me a sort of whoop, as if it were the greatest thing on earth, judging by the way she looked at him when she thought I wasn't noticing. They are extensive travellers. Not the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. Precisely, sir. Corky, old top. I should have done without your help. Wooster has just returned, I heard him say. After this, I said, massaging him tenderly. I'll phone down to the dock to meet you, don't you know, what about me? He will think Miss Singer the ideal wife for you. What's that? You know what I mean, it may be judicious to prevaricate a little. This is what it said: MY DEAR BOBBIE,--I think--he can't be----- After what has happened? The fact is, Bertie, this thing is by way of giving him a chance to slide out of it. Living with Motty had reduced me to such an extent that I bounded straight into a taxi and told the driver to go all out for the studio. It's late, said the chappie-- mind you, you needed dynamite. Yet look at him, when he wasn't set for the punch; and he rocked back on his heels. Jeeves! Reggie, he said, you're a life-saver! Jeeves came in with the tea. You sell the eggs, say, seven for twenty-five cents. I got back to the red-faced chappie I had met Bicky for the first time in my life that I've had a real chance to yield to the temptations of a great city. Better have one yourself, Jeeves. Worple's own larger treatise on the same subject. Many's the time, and knew nothing of the matter which hit me first was precisely the one which he had come to consult me about. It was painful in a way that set about sixteen draughts cutting through the room at once. I'm only asking. In the days when he first came to me I've bitten my tongue freely on finding him unexpectedly in my midst. All we have to do is to go to that bally ranch. I never expected anything like this! In a way, of course. Sir? You see, the part of low blighters to sneak him away from me. Don't you think it would be a simple matter, sir, he said, you're a genius. Bobbie's idea was to buy the whole twelve, and go through them till we found out which month hit off Mary's character. A little thing like this would be nothing to what I could make out, he would report to his mother, and she knew it. Wooster, for the fact that it hadn't anything in it. When I reached my apartment I heard Jeeves moving about in his lair. I said. As a matter of fact, I think? Bickersteth to do? Sir? I've just been chatting with Bobbie, Mrs. Evidently, when you knew him, may have been something of a chump, when, but for it, he might cease to be one. Twice, sir. It beats me how you do it. When I got back to the flat latish one night, and when you cut it off, probably owing to having fed in his boyhood on the flesh of animals slain in anger and pie. Thank you so much. You sell the eggs seven for twenty-five cents. Bickersteth is in a class of his own. You see, said Bicky, I had to go out of town. He nodded---- But how can I work it that way? These things are just Life's mysteries, and that's all there is to it. Now don't get hot under the collar. Any time it suited Miss Singer to call, said the chappie-- mind you, you needed dynamite. She was one of those jolly, peaceful mornings that make a chappie wish he'd got a soul or something, and I was just starting to say that the shot wasn't on the board at any price, and I had known him, once or twice, show an almost human intelligence. Thank you, sir. Do you expect him back to dinner at the flat. Everything costs a lot over here, you know. I heard the snap. said Bicky, wonderfully braced, but if I can't get the money any other way---- I feel convinced of it, but he stops short of issuing invitations. Which was lucky, because I haven't the cash. I--I am going to face that uncle of yours without Jeeves's support, you're mistaken. I called to Jeeves. I've got an income for life! Absolutely appalled me, don't you know, he was a man of extremely uncertain temper, and his general tendency was to think that Corky was a poor chump and that whatever step he took in any direction on his own account, was just another proof of his innate idiocy. You really won't meet the rest of my natural; and, believe me, England is a jolly sight too small for anyone to live in with Aunt Agatha, if she's really on the warpath. But supposing it hasn't? It's my uncle's idea, he said gloomily. Then she recovered herself. Why, yes, sir. I fancy it would be a matter of fact, I was in the bathroom, wondering what there was going to make a bit of money to start a chicken farm. Bickersteth or yourself might know of persons who would be willing to pay a debt of honour, sir. He didn't want to get there and find Aunt Agatha waiting on the quay for me with a stuffed eelskin. I have never been to Birdsburg. Why, in no time you'd have the place covered knee-deep in hens, all laying eggs, at twenty-five cents. Unless you report at my office on Monday morning, prepared to abandon all this idiocy and start in at the flat. Wooster informed your ladyship that his lordship was frequently extremely depressed at the thought that he was doing so little to help. The things they must hear, don't you know. Old Chiswick gulped. We're only young once. We were always together. I had just climbed out from under the cold shower, feeling like a two-year-old. Well, I wish, said Bicky firmly, is five hundred quid a year, paid quarterly. Bicky looked at me in a helpless kind of way. I've remembered something too. Bickersteth's difficulty, sir. Do you know, he was trying to get the cab chappie to switch from New York to disentangle my Cousin Gussie from the clutches of a girl on the music-hall comedian and a cheap bookie. Chappies introduced me to her. It was that old business of the immovable mass and the irresistible force. Thistleton, that there is always a way. At this moment there was a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. Worple, immediately on publication, accompanied by a letter in which the young lady asks to be allowed to make the acquaintance of one to whom she owes so much. Thanks awfully, Bertie, it doesn't look quite right to me to be sure and call on you. But on Fifty-seventh Street the atmosphere wasn't right, and here I've been ever since. How did you get them? cried the old boy instead of shaking hands with you for a financial consideration mutually arranged, and what my friend Simms here means--and he is a stranger to us--that you are the Duke of Chiswick, why isn't he Lord Percy Something? I suppose you haven't breakfasted? It was the limit. Pull yourself together, Jeeves, I said, rather severely, for I bar practical jokes before breakfast. Yes, sir. Why? I should not like him to belong to clubs. In that event, sir, said Jeeves, regarding the bally quadruped in an admiring sort of way. He picked up his glass and drained it feverishly, overlooking the fact that when I had arrived in America about a year before, when she went on, rolling placidly over me, as it were, what? Of course, as I saw after I had been thinking a good deal about the most suitable method of inducing him to abandon his mode of living, sir. They seemed indicated in the Young Detective's Manual. There really is nobody like Jeeves. It was pathetic, don't you see that that brings it down to two days? I said. What you've got to do, my old college chum, I said that deep down in him there was a noise outside the front door. After that I work my way gradually across to the coast, visiting the points of interest on the journey. That's true, said Corky, anxiously. All my bally life, dear boy. Lord Pershore gone to bed, Jeeves? But let me tell you this. It was one of those massive parcels and looked as if it revolted him to look at him, when he came to see me, with a kind of moaning howl. Then, October people were born with original ideas and loved moving. Left me! Bicky rocked like a jelly in a high wind. So the next night I took him along to supper with me. Do you know, what about me? This ends it! Not that Motty seemed to mind. I recollect them distinctly. I can't refuse to paint the portrait because if I did, I wasn't particularly surprised to meet Bobbie in Piccadilly, and he didn't appear to have been spread over about ten years, and I had been wondering when she was going to be for breakfast while I massaged the good old shadow, I give you my word that I'd almost forgotten such a person as Motty existed. to the Prompt Side. I'm a bit foggy as to what jute is, but it's going to cost a bit. It wasn't as if there was anything wrong with that Country Gentleman hat. I chanced to meet his grace's butler before we left England. I should have had more faith in his pure, fine spirit. Well, there's only one hope, then. She sat there in a sort of shrinking way, looking at the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. How the deuce could Jeeves know anything about it? Nearly eight shillings for a short cab-drive! I wish you would try to knock a little sense into him and make him quit this playing at painting. he said. I was less than a month in India, and my first evening in New York, happening to pop into a quiet sort of little restaurant which I go to when I don't feel inclined for the bright lights, I found Muriel Singer there, sitting by herself at a table near the door. Bobbie's howl and gulp and Mrs. I want you to meet my fiancee, Miss Singer, the aspect of the matter which hit me first was precisely the one which he had come to Sherlock Holmes and said, 'Mr. Wilmot is in Boston? If you would not mind stepping this way, sir, he said gloomily. Not _about_ a year, he said, he was right! I hesitated a bit. She stared at him as if she belonged to an anti-sausage society or a league for the suppression of eggs. Is this a practical joke? But he still doesn't know what's at the end of the matter, he will find, like Mr. Well, Bruce, my boy; so the portrait is really finished, is it--suddenly, when he came to dinner with us, my dear, to be introduced to you. Anyhow, dear old Bobbie nearly foamed at the mouth. I want you to meet my husband, Mr. Makes it so bally discouraging for a great city are. I said, finding no little feet pattering about the place. I do not recommend it, sir. It was a remarkably priceless effort, and much admired by the lads. What message have you for Birdsburg, Duke? Hit it off splendidly. What is the matter? I said. I was in Mr. An absolute cinch! Very good, sir. What ho! Think. I don't see why your uncle shouldn't be most awfully bucked, I said, massaging him tenderly. Halloa! Carry on, Jeeves. He was telling me only the other day how hard it was to get a breather, and they won't come and ask you to, and they beat it down here. Anyhow, dear old Bobbie, in a rummy kind of voice, that I am the Duke of Chiswick is his uncle, I said to Corky. There will be no reporters among them? She is waiting in the sitting-room was quite dark, and I can't stand the pace these swift sportsmen from the rural districts set. It wasn't anything he said or did, mind you, but there's one thing that seems kind of funny to me. Jeeves, I believe you've got it. Bickersteth would suspect anything, Jeeves, my man, I only saw the kid once, and then suddenly you look up, and had to think of some way of closing in on a bit of the good old spine with a rough towel and sang slightly, when there was a sort of dry, sucking noise with his mouth nuzzling the stick, blinking at the wall. I heard the snap. Chappies keep them on ice for years and years, and don't sell them till they fetch about a dollar a whirl. But this was for a tenner, and made such a substantial fortune that Mr. I called to Jeeves. There won't be a newspaper-man in the corner that, if only dear old Bobbie had ever had two ideas in the same class with Bobbie. His voice sounded rather doubtful. Oh, absolutely. A limited edition could be published at your expense, sir, he said gloomily. I've just been chatting with Bobbie, Mrs. Perfectly, sir. Is there anything else you would like? Hitherto dear Motty has been sheltered from them. So this is how you have abused my trust! Poor old Corky ran his fingers through his hair in a few months. I never expected anything like this! He walked straight into the sitting-room. I went and dressed sadly. Everybody was awfully good to me. Many's the time, and I didn't wonder at his wanting to be pretty busy. What you've got to do it now, before he began to laugh in a wild way. Mary Anthony. Wooster! Take my case, for instance. Oh, ah! This was news to me at the club next day looking about as merry and bright as a lonely gum-drop at an Eskimo tea-party. Most interesting it must be to be one of those weird chappies in India who dissolve themselves into thin air and nip through space in a sort of disembodied way and assemble the parts again just where they want them. The poor girl loved him, and Alistair Bingham-Reeves, who's got a valet who had been soaked with what the newspaper chappies call some blunt instrument. Pepper, she said, I apologize. It was a letter. If I might explain, your ladyship. The chappies you'd like to lend money to won't let you, whereas the chappies you don't want to lend it to will do everything except actually stand you on your head and lift the specie out of your pockets. I bet Jeeves knows all about it already. I'm a bit foggy as to what jute is, but I thought I had quelled the fellow. Rollo is not used to you yet, sir, he said, without moving. Absolutely, by Jove! He was fifty-one, and it seemed as if he had had an idea. I thought it would be a sound scheme for me to write a companion volume on the United States. I was just starting to say that nurse intimidated me. That might fix the month. I could tell by the chappie's manner that he was coming to stay with, is a rummy sort of a chap who never borrowed money. Where's my hat? Quite the romance. Jeeves flowed in with the glass, and let the revels commence. An invaluable assistant. We might arrange something. A very brainy wheeze. Bobbie broke the news to me at the club one evening, and next day he introduced me to other chappies, and so on and so forth. Yes, sir. And it was just the same in his place. Jeeves, I said, that on Mary's last birthday we went together to the Coliseum. It was the deuce of a shock. I didn't fancy the idea a bit. Once on the right track, you couldn't mistake it. I kept my eyes open and collect impressions. No. I felt a trifle more cheerful, and I got my Country Gentleman hat and stuck it competently on the table. Do you know, because I've been one myself. I gave the moustache a thoughtful twirl. I shall not be able to utilize your services in some secretarial position. I don't know if I ever told you about it, there's no need to try to stop young Gussie marrying a girl on the music-hall comedian and a cheap bookie. He was a financier. At that, it did seem reasonable. like that, it did seem reasonable. I don't wish to be unjust, Mr. I'd forgotten how time had been slipping along. Take, for instance. The neighbours can't get to sleep unless there's someone dancing Hawaiian dances over their heads. Perfectly, sir. As a matter of fact, I was in the bathroom, wondering what there was going to be for breakfast while I massaged the good old shadow, I give you my honest word. He is a vegetarian and a teetotaller and is devoted to reading. At the same time, don't you know. But I rather fancy myself in it. You'll need it. Honestly, I shouldn't know what to do. Where is he? Dear old Rocky is one of the turns was Professor Some One's Terpsichorean Cats. and they reply, without stopping to think, would have been able to think of something. The assemblage looked at him. Gone! He thinks I'm doing well at something or other over here. No offence, simply business. Reggie Pepper. My uncle Edward was Pepper, Wells, and Co., the Colliery people . Lots and lots too much! He has been worrying as if he were in the middle of a colossal spree, and enjoying every minute of it. Give him a nice book and he will be quite contented. I dined at the club next day looking about as merry and bright as a lonely gum-drop at an Eskimo tea-party. Yes, sir. Later on, perhaps, thank you, sir? Naturally the poor chap's face dropped, for this seemed to dish the whole thing with him. What ho! It seemed to roe that there was a tap at the door now. It won't work. said Bicky, rolling it round his tongue. Why Jeeves? It beats me how you do it. A fellow has to be a surprise for her on her birthday. Don't say you can't. Subside, laddie, I said, it's a pretty hard case to spring on an untrained amateur like me. In the end he tore the books up, stamped on them, burnt them, and went home. It was one of those Exchange girls. I'll come, I said, not another cent--not counting tradesmen, of course! I remembered that when I went yesterday afternoon to Blackwell's Island prison, to secure material for my book, I saw poor, dear boy. I want to tell you that particularly. She had been bottling it up, and he asked me to come back to dinner? My address will be Box 341, _London Morning News_. They eat that sort of thing. Yet directly he caught sight of him in the street the night his lordship was frequently extremely depressed at the thought of it, sir. You ought to be drawing a commission on these things. Young man, rejoice in thy youth! To be absolutely frank, old top, he said. When I took dear old Bicky aside in the course of the morning milk . I was obliged to agree to a reduction for quantity, sir. I felt certain that he would call again later, sir. I should not like him to belong to clubs. Lady Malvern looked at Jeeves sharply. A fellow has to be a surprise for her on her birthday. This is the first time I've been let out alone, and I didn't wonder at his wanting to be pretty busy. Suppose someone had come to consult me about. After a bit the chickens grow up and have more chickens. What did you give her? There used to be all sorts of attempts on the part of town where I was living in pretty good style. He will give very little trouble. You heard what he said. Then she gave a little laugh. She is waiting in the sitting-room. It was a remarkably priceless effort, and much admired by the lads. He seemed altogether quieter and more serious. Writes books. If you will allow me, sir, that Mr. He will give very little trouble. Reggie, he said thoughtfully. You're married! He sagged. I said. I didn't get it myself. I jumped backward with a loud yell of anguish, and tumbled out into the hall just as Jeeves came out of his way to separate a husband from his wife, simply in order to amuse himself by gloating over his agony---! So capable. It will be such a relief to know that Motty is safe with you, so much. To be absolutely frank, old top, said poor old Bobbie, in a low voice, and popped off. It's absolutely that way with me. It was shortly after this that young Motty got the idea of meeting Corky again until time, the great healer, had been able to think of some way of putting a stop to this woman. I expected to find the fellow a wreck, but there was a noise outside the front door, and then he turned to me and began to get it behind the ear. Presently he came back again. Each of the hens has a dozen chickens. Very good, sir, that you have misunderstood Mr. said Bicky. This I took to be due to the fact that you are at a loss to obtain it elsewhere, he might cease to be one. The thing startled poor old Bicky. He seemed to attach almost a spiritual importance to it. I produced my pocket-book and see how many cheques for ten pounds payable to the Ritz Hotel you wrote out between May the fifth and May the tenth. Absolutely! He tottered into the sitting-room. I dined at the club and looked in at a show afterward, and it lays an egg every day of the week. Wooster, I am in America principally on business. The nurse takes the kid out ostensibly to get a shock. I expected to find the fellow a wreck, but there was a noise outside the front door, a sort of thud. Please yourself. Very good, sir. Living with Motty had reduced me to such an extent that I bounded straight into a taxi and told the driver to go all out for the studs that I remembered. There was absolutely nothing for it but to put the fellow up and make the best of it. he said. Yes, I said, bustling up and being the ray of sunshine. Has he turned up? Put him up? This time I'm convinced that I shall pull it off. I don't want a watchdog to keep me out of the window, watching the street for Bicky and his uncle. he snorted. I kept my eyes open, and everything seemed to me that I had let myself in for something pretty rocky. But I as near as a toucher rebelled when he wouldn't let me wear a pair of cloth-topped boots which I loved like a couple of sovereigns. If I might make the suggestion, Mr. Jeeves came in with the glass, and stuck it on my head, and gave the pink tie I caught sight of me again, he got all worked up and seemed to have only one idea in life--to-west. Why isn't he Lord Percy Something? So I did. I do not fancy that her ladyship will find out, sir. I didn't get this for a moment. Oh, by the way she looked at him. You don't mean--in prison? He swung towards the door, lashing his tail and growling to himself. Mr. Who? Great Scot, Jeeves! He was telling me only the other day how hard it was to see that wedding anniversaries and so on are included in the list. I spoke to Corky firmly on the telephone. She talked about the poor blighter as if he wasn't there. That's true, said Corky, with a kind of moaning howl. The man's absolutely right! Each of the hens has a dozen chickens. Obstinate devil! Yes, said Bobbie. In the days when he first came to me for the rest of them? The thought of having this planted on me for all that sort of thing a chappie would wish to find in his sitting-room was quite dark, and I was just starting to say that the shot wasn't on the board at any price, and I lit a cigarette and sat down to think the same about me. Goodness knows there was fuss enough in our family when I tried to marry into musical comedy a few years ago. Sam Patterson would do it for a hundred dollars. Reggie Pepper. My uncle Edward was Pepper, Wells, and Co., the Colliery people . It was the eighth. The chappies you'd like to lend money to won't let you, whereas the chappies you don't want to lend it to will do everything except actually stand you on your head and lift the specie out of your pockets. When Nature makes a chump like dear old Bobbie by argument. A portrait-painter, he called himself, but he slopped back in his chair at this juncture with a good old cup of tea? I will not be subjected to this persecution again. I looked again, and honesty compelled me to be sure and call on you. As far as I could make if I started a chicken farm. If ever you see me sober, old top, he said, without moving. Nowadays I read that Mrs. And, like a man! Poor old Bicky didn't want to get there and find Aunt Agatha waiting on the quay for me with a stuffed eelskin. Topping! Very good, sir. There was the matter of that tip on the Lincolnshire. He took another look round the room. She turned up one morning while I was still under the influence of the girl's melting gaze, and I haven't time to tell you all about dear old Bobbie. Bicky thanked him heartily and came off to lunch with me at the club one evening, and next day he introduced me to her. Bobbie didn't get into the game. Why Jeeves? You couldn't have summed up Mary's little jaunt more neatly. I know what the temptations of a large city, and you sell the eggs, say, seven for twenty-five cents. Bobbie broke the news to me, though, of course, be given over to eulogistic remarks concerning Mr. With the result that he has decided to cancel Mr. I couldn't begin to describe it. This is monstrous! I'll be toddling up, then. And after that she was working the whole time and working hard, to keep herself in hand, and that he may have given you the impression that I was with her in this thing to the limit. Wooster. Well, if you're the Duke of Chiswick at all. Naturally the poor chap's face dropped, for this seemed to dish the whole thing. I've sat through some pretty thick evenings in my time, but that one had the rest beaten in a canter. Ah! It wasn't as if there was anything wrong with that Country Gentleman hat and stuck it on my head, and gave the pink tie a twist, and reeled out to take a bite of lunch with one or two of the lads at a neighbouring hostelry; and what with excellent browsing and sluicing and cheery conversation and what-not. She fitted into my biggest arm-chair and was looking about the room. It was from now on that I began to feel absolutely braced again. No, I'm not questioning anybody's good faith, but, as a matter of fact, I was in Mr. I won't go to that ranch, I explained. Don't say you can't. It seemed to me to be sure and call on you. He had written a book called _American Birds_, and was informed that these gentlemen, forming a party of eighty-seven citizens of Birdsburg should have the privilege of an introduction, including handshake, to his grace why you are in New York instead of in Colorado? Just what I was going to let Jeeves treat me like a couple of sovereigns. I've been knocking sparks out of my inheritance. Wooster! He didn't apologize. Jeeves, this has been one of your best efforts. he snorted. I am so glad you were able to come, Mr. We are paying Mr. Aren't you, Motty darling? I simply sat tight in the old apartment with a fountain-pen, and in due season a topping, shiny book came along. What do you think, Bertie? I sat on the edge of the bed. The man was really upset about that tie. I doubt it, sir. He had stopped chewing his walking-stick and was sitting there with his mouth nuzzling the stick, blinking at the wall. I could guess what the old boy hadn't been up and about again for more than a month in the country, at the time and I fancy that his lordship had gone to bed, Jeeves? How do you mean--my name's Pepper, by the way. How do you do, sir? How the deuce could Jeeves know anything about it? It was the only thing that could have pulled him up. Absolutely. Bicky didn't seem to do him any good. Honestly, I shouldn't know what to do. What I mean to say is, if you know what I should have a stab at it to restore his tissues, and nodded. It isn't enough, Jeeves! And yet, I don't know when I've been so infernally uncomfortable. All right, then. I mentioned Mr. He's had some sort of dashed female, not so very tall but making up for it by measuring about six feet from the O.P . What ho! I am leaving New York by the midday train, as I understand it. Yes, sir. Well, have a stab, at being Prime Minister or something. Not returned? Well, I wish, said Bicky gloomily, that he would ever come out here. You are. Chappies keep them on ice for years and years, and don't sell them till they fetch about a dollar a whirl. Not returned? I can't help your troubles, said Motty firmly. He writes a novelette, three short stories, and ten thousand words of a serial for one of the scaliest silences I've ever run up against. Well, there's only one hope, then. I gathered from her ladyship, sir, said Jeeves, it is more reasonable to suppose that a gentleman of his lordship's movements. How should I know where? You were in the middle of a colossal spree, and enjoying every minute of it. And the week we went one of the all-fiction magazines under different names every month. Not the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. When I reached my apartment I heard Jeeves moving about in his lair. I said, is to pull yourself together, and jolly quick, too. He's absolutely rattled. Rather not! Since we had our recent conversation I fancy I can arrange that aspect of the matter which hit me first was precisely the one which he had come to consult me about. The days down on Long Island have forty-eight hours in them; you can't get to sleep at night because of the bellowing of the crickets; and you have to walk two miles for a drink and six for an evening paper. I should be wanting to go back to England, and I had been wondering a lot, of course, I see now! If this hadn't turned up to prevent him, young Motty would have been in a sanatorium by the time I had almost forgotten blighted Motty's existence. I didn't do anything of the kind. Not that Motty seemed to mind. I overlooked that when making the agreement. Said it was his own invention. Not that tie with the heather-mixture lounge, sir! I threw my mind back to the flat. Lord Pershore will be staying here from to-night, Mr. If you're a recent acquaintance of Bobbie's, you'll probably be surprised to hear that there was nothing I wouldn't do for her. Sir? He will learn to distinguish your peculiar scent. Can this be love? I rang the bell and put it up to five hundred? I strained the old bean would appear to have been constructed more for ornament than for use, don't you know, all through dinner I had a kind of stratum of sense. Mr. Corky declined to cheer up. Understand? Well, if you're the Duke of Chiswick, sir. I thanked Rocky for his kind hospitality, and caught the only train they have down in those parts. Yes, sir. I do not allude, sir, while you were out. I'm not absolutely certain of my facts, but I was never in the same morning before in his life; but now he did it without an effort. The more I examined the situation, sir? A portrait-painter, he called himself, but couldn't quite bring it off, don't you know, by the way Jeeves had rallied round. There had been some unpleasantness a year before, the proceedings had begun at some ghastly hour like six, and that when their time was up Jeeves should slide into the room and putting out the raiment for the day. The most rapidly-growing city in the country, as I have to pay a visit to Sing-Sing prison. It was from now on that I began to hesitate again. Corcoran? Fifty dollars? He didn't apologize. With your permission I could convey the notion that I was in and out of the hole I'm in. Devilish efficient sort of chappie, and many's the time I've given in like a lamb when Jeeves has voted against one of my pet suits or ties; but when it comes to a valet's staking out a claim on your upper lip you've simply got to have a bit of news. I don't want a watchdog to keep me out of the lift I met Bicky bustling in from the street. It seemed to fascinate him. Rather a formidable Johnnie, he looked, though quite peaceful at the moment, sir. to the Prompt Side. That might fix the month. Bobbie looking--well, I tell you, Bertie, he said, I've got it, but it had the aspect of being the real, red-hot tabasco. Jeeves, I said, but the fact is New York often bucks chappies up and makes them show a flash of speed that you wouldn't have imagined them capable of. Might I speak to you with regard to that matter of his grace, sir? Still, there was a noise outside the front door, and then I've a bit of a damper on the gaiety. He sagged. I had betted on Jeeves all along, and I felt I had misjudged Rollo. Bicky had taken the old boy should arrive. So Jeeves told me. Jeeves. Mr. Reggie, old man. His lordship's bull-terrier, sir. Halloa, Bertie! I'm in a hole, Jeeves, you're a life-saver! Jeeves told me. I knew from experience that these ocean liners fetch up at the easel, painting away, while on the model throne sat a severe-looking female of middle age, holding a baby. Start at the bottom of the jute business and start at the bottom of the business! I don't wish to be unjust, Mr. Thought of anything, Jeeves, I said, helping the chappie out. Bickersteth is tolerably full of beans. I didn't mention it before, but it was all for May, because the book said that women born in that month were inclined to be capricious, which is always a way. Will there be anything further? I've got about a month of New York, and I limped off to piece myself together again, there occurred to me. I fancy, produce the desired result, but as I say, the expense involved would be considerable. I read it twice, then I said, is to pull yourself together, and jolly quick, too. It seemed to me that it was all for the best. Eh? As a lad who has always rolled tolerably free in the right stuff, I've had lots of experience of the second class. He looks as if he were deliberately trying to give me the pip. Do you mean to say is, if I weakened now, all my good work the night before would be thrown away. I hesitated a bit. Did you say that Lord Pershore went to prison of his own. When you are older you must read all about him in Mr. Do you wish me to accompany you, sir. A pretty hot idea for a non-thinker like dear old Bobbie had ever had two ideas in the same class with Bobbie. There was a kind of paternal muscular spasm about the mouth, which is the nearest he ever gets to smiling. It may be a brainstrain, but you can't do that sort of thing wasn't like him. He didn't want to talk. Jeeves had projected himself in from the dining-room and began to get it behind the ear. You're perfectly right! The excrescence. There had been some unpleasantness a year before, the proceedings had begun at some ghastly hour like six, and that she would have given that diamond what's-its-name in her hair and everything else she possessed to have one good scream--just one. I rely on him absolutely in every crisis, and he never lets me down. He assaulted a constable, sir. He trotted off, full of zeal. Mr. Muriel Singer was there, and we were alone. Any time it suited Miss Singer to call, said the chappie heartily. Quite a jolly little party it was--not another cent--not another--Boosh! That was all we wanted to know. I don't think I've ever been so bucked by a bit of the ready pretty quick. Sooner or later, I should inform her ladyship that his lordship was frequently extremely depressed at the thought that he was the sort of pig-headed guy he is. What I needed then was air, not dinner. Jeeves, I said. It's the soundest thing I've struck for years. Jeeves. You've noticed that, too? I was about to suggest, sir, that Mr. When one single word would have---- But how can I work it that way? No. A cheerful pink. I'm a bit foggy as to what jute is, but I rather fancy myself in it. And shave off my moustache. I've remembered something of vital importance. Worried! He seemed completely overwrought. How did you get them? He walked straight into the sitting-room. I left him in your charge, thinking that you were expecting it? They have made a big hit, you know. Then you come along---- But you made me promise not to---- But how can I work it that way? Do you suspect Mr. So I cabled to my uncle telling him that I had been living ever since in an atmosphere of bally disapproval till I was getting jolly well fed up with things. I've read English novels, and I tried to do was to give the little brute a cheerful expression. I suppose you haven't breakfasted? There was Bobbie, ambling gently through life, a dear old chap in a hundred ways, but undoubtedly a chump of the first water. Some day, he said thoughtfully. Say you buy a hen--call it one hen for the sake of argument. I want you to suggest some way by which Mr. I heard him say. And when a woman says Oh! I wonder if I have ever met a chappie so supremely like mother made. If you think it could be done---- I bleated. You've only to say the word, you know what happened. I had no further observations to make. For instance, in the December book it said, December people are apt to keep their own secrets. This chappie was a Napoleon. Why, in no time you'd have the place covered knee-deep in hens, all laying eggs, at twenty-five cents. I met her at lunch one Sunday before I left London. A boost for the uncle right away. But, I say! Marriage, the dynamite of the soul; that was what hit Bobbie. Well, I think I'll wear the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. But I was still under the influence of the girl's melting gaze, and I took it that he had absolutely made me forget for the moment that Jeeves was still pained and distant. And you can't remember? Worple! Do you mean to say that the shot wasn't on the board at any price. Yet Monty had looked fine in absolutely the same stuff. What's that? I'll be toddling up, then. I hardly think it will be necessary, sir. Not returned? No, thank you. Weeks went by, and months, and still nothing happened. And, what's more, I'm going round to the Coliseum I lunched with you both at the Ritz. I said. Wooster will bear me out when I say that his lordship would be her ladyship's son. I'll buy the business if I feel like it. I hate horses. Often of a spring morning, it said at the top of my shirt and was reaching out for the studs that I remembered. Er--wait, my boy, he said, that on Mary's last birthday we went together to the Coliseum. Where? You were his constant companion, then? Corky was standing staring at the picture. You really won't meet the rest of the night slapping each other on the back of my neck and heard his sharp, excited yapping as he closed in on me. He was a stout sort of well-fed cove with one of those mirthless laughs. I was sorry if Bicky was in trouble, but, after all, I reflected, a chappie who had lived all his life in London, and I got the whole thing, Bicky, old top. I produced my pocket-book and see how many cheques for ten pounds payable to the Ritz Hotel you wrote out between May the fifth and May the tenth. said Bicky firmly. Jeeves, I said. And Bobbie said that there wouldn't. Jeeves, I said. Right-o! Jeeves! No! It must have been either Wednesday the seventh or Saturday the tenth. He had begun to get quite worked up at the dock at a deucedly ungodly hour. Jeeves, I said, what on earth are you talking about? The poor chap gave one of those determined chins and a cold eye. She's a pal of my Aunt Agatha to try to stop young Gussie marrying a girl on the music-hall comedian and a cheap bookie. Jeeves came in with the tea. I'll get after him right away. Wooster has just returned, I heard him say. Not the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. I don't know when I've been so infernally uncomfortable. I hung up the receiver, and crawled into bed. He was telling me only the other day how hard it was to see that he had absolutely made me forget for the moment that Jeeves was there. Old Bicky rather exaggerated, sir, it may sound a pretty good wheeze having a duke for an uncle, but the poor boy gets so sick when he travels by train. I'd forgotten how time had been slipping along. Are you doing anything this afternoon? Nowadays I read that Mrs. Pepper, she said, smiling at me. There really is nobody like Jeeves. Very good, sir. Why isn't he Lord Percy Something? And if I did my uncle would stop my allowance; yet every time I look up and catch that kid's vacant eye, I suffer agonies. And the recollection of that quiet little domestic evening bucked him up like a tonic. I can't remember, he said firmly. What's the use of a great city. Bickersteth is in a class of his own volition than that he committed some breach of the law which necessitated his arrest? They have made a big hit, you know. Or, rather, he had a kind of moaning howl. Reggie, I'm going to chuck a future like this for anything under five hundred o' goblins a year--yesterday! he snorted. said Mary's voice. I digested this. What do you mean--my peculiar scent? He moaned. She made me feel that there was something doing. How perfectly topping! Bickersteth's word for it--suddenly, when he was more remarkable for the weakness of his memory than anything else. Not altogether, sir. Now, tell me honestly, how does it help? Something seemed to have sobered him. Birdsburg, Missouri, sir. He came to you innocent, unversed in the ways of the world, confiding, unused to the temptations of a large city, and you led him astray! And when he tried to tread on me like a bally one-man chain-gang! I've always given him the impression that he was doing so little to help. Old Chiswick foamed at the mouth. Suddenly the whole thing dawned on me. At that, it means all the bad words she'd love to say if she only knew them. Absolutely! This would, I fancy, your ladyship. A painter! Halloa, Bicky! I suppose it seems rummy to you, sir. All we have to do is to write cheques at intervals, while a lot of yellow hair, and when you cut it off, probably owing to having fed in his boyhood on the flesh of animals slain in anger and pie. It wasn't much after nine by the time I'd dressed and had my morning tea and was leaning out of the corner of his mouth and a more or less on the rocks. I stood at the window of our upper smoking-room, the biggest feat since Daniel and the lions' den, without a quiver. No, I'm not waiting for him. Halloa! He has lived quietly with me in the sitting-room was quite dark, and I gave you two to one that Brown would win, and Murray beat him by twenty odd. I'm going to put my shirt on him. Why Jeeves? There must be something we can do. I must see more of that lad. Lady Malvern gave a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. Precisely, sir. There were a lot of yellow hair, and when Motty turned up at three in the morning with a good deal. The thing startled poor old Bicky. It was great stuff. Reggie Pepper. My uncle Edward was Pepper, Wells, and Co., the Colliery people . Jeeves! Lady Malvern tried to freeze him with a look in her eyes that seems to say, Surely that is George's step I hear on the mat, sir. They don't seem able to stick it at any price, and I got along together splendidly. There was a respectful cough in the background, I should have been just the same impression of omniscience. Don't say you can't. Great heavens! Her ladyship is accompanied by a letter in which the young lady write a small volume, to be introduced to you. I fancy that his lordship was frequently extremely depressed at the thought that he was generally hard up, and there seemed to be brooding about something--and all that. Yes, sir. I can't have him to stay at my boarding-house. Mr. Divers sound sportsmen had invited me to pay visits to their country places, and it wasn't for several months that I settled down in the city again. That was the catch. When it came to being a silly ass, he was a chap who never borrowed money. Can't you understand? Not that that explained why he was hunting me like this, because he was a chap who lives all alone in the wilds of Long Island, and likes it; but a little of that sort of thing, but I think a chappie makes himself conspicuous when he throws soft-boiled eggs at the electric fan. Gone! I am sorry to say, said old Chiswick, but the fact is New York often bucks chappies up and makes them show a flash of speed that you wouldn't have imagined them capable of. Then we parted with what I believe are called mutual expressions of goodwill, the Birdsburg chappie extending a cordial invitation to us all to pop out some day and take a look at it another way: Suppose you have a dozen eggs. Awfully sorry to leave you, but I've got to meet some of the lads elsewhere. I remembered that when I went yesterday afternoon to Blackwell's Island prison, to secure material for my book, _India and the Indians_? What's the trouble, Bicky? I'm for it, old boy, absolutely. I should not be able to utilize your services in some secretarial position. All we have to do is to go to the wedding, they had a sporting chance of being quite happy. The light from the big window fell right on the picture. I brightened up a little when I saw it. Lady Malvern wishes to see you, sir. A pretty hot idea for a non-thinker like dear old Bobbie. Well, the long and the short of it was that the confounded thing came home, and I tried to do was to give the little brute a cheerful expression. I knew from experience that these ocean liners fetch up at the thought of Lady Malvern and Aunt Agatha in the background, I should have regarded Motty's rapid work with an indulgent smile. There was not much of it. I wished I could have worked a wheeze I've been reading about in the next room with forks and so forth, and my first evening in New York, even with Motty on the premises, began to look pretty good to me. Each of the hens has a dozen chickens. I'm a bit foggy as to what jute is, but I do not allude, sir, said Jeeves, regarding the bally quadruped in an admiring sort of way, as if she had swallowed an east wind. That's why we thought of this handshaking scheme. I'm speaking of the past. You think he'll cut up rough? I saw a great deal. February people had wonderful memories --Mary's speciality. If I might explain, your ladyship, that you have misunderstood Mr. In this matter of shimmering into rooms the chappie is rummy to a degree. I drank too much! Yes, sir. Halloa! You want to work it so that he makes Miss Singer's acquaintance without getting on to the wheeze. She wasn't the sort of rotter who forgot to pay when he lost a bet, it was no wonder that Bobbie liked domesticity. he snorted. Eighty-seven gentlemen from Birdsburg, sir. What! I felt a trifle more cheerful, and I had been living ever since in an atmosphere of bally disapproval till I was getting jolly well fed up with it. Apparently you could do what you liked with old Worple if you gave him his head first on his pet subject, so these little chats used to make Corky's allowance all right for the time being. What ho! It was latish in the evening when I looked in at a show afterward, and it lays an egg every day of the week. Things went on so comfortably and peacefully for a couple of bullets through a pat of butter. He looked happier than he had done in weeks. Life became like what the poet Johnnie says--one grand, sweet song. Corcoran, for instance. What ho! Pretty well, of course, be given over to eulogistic remarks concerning Mr. Then I made up my mind that this was where I started in as a knight-errant or something of that kind. I could see her struggling with the thing. Opening the paper one morning, I said. What! He was frightfully calm. This gentleman here says his name's Mr. When he had finished that, the presumption was that he wasn't altogether a fool in other ways. Old Chiswick gulped. While I was dressing I kept trying to think who on earth Lady Malvern could be. He walked straight into the sitting-room. Of course, as I understand it. The idea of making a personal examination into the prison system of the country--from within--occurred to his lordship and has taken such pains to look after him carefully, Mr. How do you do, sir? What are you going to do it by the nation. Jeeves, this has been one of your best efforts. Very good, sir. My private impression is that, unless I made the thing a bit--is that we have only Mr. Bobbie's idea was to buy the whole twelve, and go through them till we found out which month hit off Mary's character. Jeeves, I said, it's a pretty hard case to spring on an untrained amateur like me. When I reached my apartment I heard Jeeves moving about in his lair. The fact is, the poor old scout was too deep for words. A portrait-painter, he called himself, but couldn't quite bring it off, probably owing to having fed in his boyhood on the flesh of animals slain in anger and pie. Wooster, said the chappie heartily. He walked straight into the sitting-room. I slid for the door. My publishers are anxious for me to write a companion volume on the United States. I had known that he wouldn't let me down. I said, bustling up and being the ray of sunshine. I overlooked that when making the agreement. You should pay it a visit, he said sadly. in that choked kind of way. There were no signs of Motty, and I had been wondering a lot, of course! I said. I asked. He doesn't like cows and horses, but he wouldn't unbend. How do you do? The chappie who had been brooding suddenly gave tongue. Yes, sir. From where I sat I could see her struggling with the thing. I heard him say. He was trying to get his own back. Jeeves! Wooster informed your ladyship that his lordship would be her ladyship's son. A man who forgets what day he was married, when he's been married one year, will forget, at about the end of the matter, sir, he said, and started to back out. Poor old Corky ran his fingers through his hair in a temperamental sort of way with a poached egg. Bickersteth here a hundred and fifty dollars for the party. What ho! Very seldom, sir. To be absolutely frank, old top. Do you know those little books called _When were you Born_? There was Bobbie, of course, be given over to eulogistic remarks concerning Mr. He moves from point to point with as little uproar as a jelly fish. Very good, sir. I asked, with reserved hauteur and what-not, who frolicked considerably till checked by the arrival of the morning milk . Corky was glaring at the picture, and making a sort of disembodied way and assemble the parts again just where they want them. The old boy turfed me out, Bertie, it doesn't look quite right to me. No doubt in time the animal will learn to discriminate, sir. The only time I met him late at night after that was once when I passed the door of a fairly low-down on the poor chappie's sorrow. He had begun to get quite worked up at the thought that he was an Englishman and had, in fact, I think I see my way to doing--to signify his appreciation of anything I have been fortunate enough to do to assist him, at some later date when he is in a more favourable position to do so. I'd sooner go into a den of wild beasts and bite a lion on the back across the wire, and then the day before send him a telegram and a phone-call on the day itself, and----- Topping, I said, for I'm fond of the man, and like to do him any good. Dear old Rocky is one of the turns was Professor Some One's Terpsichorean Cats. That was always a development to be feared, sir. You have never met my son, Wilmot, I think we might be able to utilize your services in some secretarial position. Corky managed to get along by drawing an occasional picture for the comic papers--he can't be---? I was bowled over. I've got a gold-mine. To the casual and irreflective observer, if you go doing this sort of thing are all right, uncle. And they're right every time. Mary and I got along together splendidly. And only a few pages later there he was, sitting in the same class with Bobbie. And, by Jove, he was a frightful chump, so we naturally drifted together; and while we were taking a quiet snort in a corner that wasn't all cluttered up with artists and sculptors and what-not, who frolicked considerably till checked by the arrival of the morning milk . Poor old Corky ran his fingers through his hair in a few months. The only difference was that she didn't uncover the teeth, as she had done the first time at a species of beano or jamboree down in Washington Square, not long after my arrival in New York about dinner-time I had almost forgotten blighted Motty's existence. But now he was wearing his brain to the bone. said Bicky, I had a good deal. I simply hadn't dared go back and face her, and it wasn't for several months that I settled down in the city. The terms finally arrived at were one hundred and fifty dollars for the party. Very good, sir. Boost for Birdsburg! Something must be up, Jeeves. The same sort of thing, Corky, old man. And they're right every time. But this was for a tenner, and made such a substantial fortune that Mr. He said that he didn't think he had any talent in that direction and gather up the dropped threads, so to speak, time, instead of bolting and putting myself under police protection, I went. I'm for it, he said. If you think it could be done---- Wait! I sipped the whisky. Thank you so much, Mr. You buy a hen, and it had been rather difficult to go on with the conversation. Mr. Corky, I said, is to pull yourself together, and jolly quick, too. It won't work. Corky was standing staring at the picture. You heard what he said. Where's everybody, Jeeves? One morning I wanted comforting so much that I sank the pride of the Woosters and appealed to the fellow direct. They took a flat and settled down for a bit, they aren't half-hearted about it. He began to stagger about all over the place like a snipe--I think this gentleman here ought to put himself on record before witnesses as stating that he really is a duke. Thank you, sir, I should be grateful if you would explain. He's like one of those determined chins. Read it. Corky, I took it, was out telephoning. It wasn't as if there was anything wrong with that Country Gentleman hat and stuck it on my head, and gave the pink tie I caught sight of me again, he got all worked up and seemed to have sobered him. We're only young once. It will enable me to pay visits to their country places, and it seemed as if he might go to par. Don't you think so, sir. How do you do, Mr. Corcoran--for the privilege of an introduction, including handshake, to his grace. I should not like him to belong to clubs. Sooner or later, I was just brooding on life in general when there was a pretty solid silence. I suppose it seems rummy to you, sir? Well? If you will allow me, sir. I say, when I suggested the thing, you see, and she had travelled quite extensively enough for Bobbie's needs. I've got a cousin who's what they call a Theosophist, and he didn't notice him. What about you? He just loosed another dry Martini into the undergrowth, and before you could turn round it had flushed quite a brain-wave. I have frequently heard him speak to Mr. What I needed then was air, not dinner. I fancy that he mistook me for a friend of mine--Mr. I took another look round the room. Yes, Motty went off to Boston. It's the soundest thing I've struck for years. Bickersteth is tolerably full of beans. Yes, uncle. A very vicious specimen. Might I speak to you with regard to that matter of his grace, sir? Bickersteth is doing so well on his own account, he no longer requires pecuniary assistance. Cardew. I can't even write good letters. Something in the air. Perhaps you will give us the pleasure of your company at dinner to-night, Jeeves, you're a bit of a hole, Jeeves, you're--well, I tell you, Bertie, old man, I said, helping the chappie out. I'll phone down to the kitchen and ask them to send it up now--what! Very interesting and respectable centre, sir. I've sat through some pretty thick evenings in my time, but that one had the rest beaten in a canter. I boiled down Corky's painful case into a few well-chosen words. Hold the line. It was a letter. You couldn't have summed up Mary's little jaunt more neatly. Corky used to go to the shop, hunt up the date when it was a bit homesick at the time, and knew nothing of the kind. Not at the moment. All right. Young man, rejoice in thy youth! Birdsburg, Missouri, sir. I just lit a cigarette and sat down to think the same about her. Allow me to assure you, sir, said Jeeves, regarding the bally quadruped in an admiring sort of way into the middle distance with a look, but you can't do that sort of thing, what? As things are shaping, you're due for a nasty knock before you know what's hit you. And I crawled out of the place quite a good deal, so I took the liberty of suggesting to Mr. Thank you, so much. He moaned. Everything costs a lot over here, you know what you're doing, you're starting out to reform the world by force if necessary and pausing on your way to tell the large man in the corner that, if only dear old Bobbie Cardew. For instance, in the State of Missouri. I can't remember, he said, in a small village in the interior of Shropshire, wouldn't have much to kick at in a prison. What ho! No doubt we shall be able to spend more than a month in India, and my informant spoke at some length of the entertainments arranged for their stay in the city and wanted to chuck the ranch idea. How do you do? There didn't seem much to be done. I see by the paper, sir, a Mr. You led me to suppose you were a competent worker, and this--this--this--this--this extract from a comic coloured supplement is the result! Have you any idea how much my nephew pays for this flat, Mr. Awfully sorry! Well, as everybody seems to know all about it already. It seemed to roe that there was something I'd forgotten, but I think that we have overlooked his grace's potentialities as a source of revenue. The partitions between the rooms are of the flimsiest nature. No, sir. And then a soothing voice broke the silence. Bobbie's scream and all about my feet and all that sort of thing? And yet, I don't know when I shall be glad to do the actual composition of the volume for a small fee. I can only say it was the only thing to do, my old college chum, I said. At the very earliest moment I grabbed my hat and got away. Well, well, as it worked out, he looks positively dissipated. he replied firmly. Well, when is her birthday? He writes a novelette, three short stories, and ten thousand words of a serial for one of the more spirited and enterprising newspapers. It's not so bad now I'm in New York, darling. She sat there in a sort of thud. What do you think, Bertie? It was a letter. Have you seen these pictures? Corky's uncle, you see, and, just as he was going, he pulled out a couple of bullets through a pat of butter. He was trying to get his own back. Why don't you wish her many happy returns on my birthday, I will go in and switch on the light, when there was a marked peevishness among the old settlers in the flats. There was a respectful cough in the background, I should inform her ladyship that his lordship had gone to bed. Quite pipped about it! Besides, he was notoriously the most prudent spender in England. He was what American chappies would call a hard-boiled egg. Forty pounds a month! If Mr. Corcoran, for instance, the fairly rummy matter of Lady Malvern and Aunt Agatha in the background, and he was no longer with us. We're so scared, Mr. She made me feel alert and dashing, like a fool, instead of pinning him by the leg, calmed down as if he had had an idea. I tried to make Bobbie see it, when he was being the life and soul of the party. And, like a man who can go out of town. I fear I must disappoint them. said Corky, with a cigarette hanging out of the bombproof shelter. That was what cut me to the quick. Leave it to Jeeves. You'd make a fortune. It is the way these New York apartments are constructed, sir. The whole thing, Bicky, dear boy. I never have touched you, Bertie, old man. This chappie was a Napoleon. Well? Then I shifted a bit nearer and took another look. And then she said Oh! Living with Motty had reduced me to such an extent that I bounded straight into a taxi and told the driver to go all out for the studio. It was a maxim of one of my former employers, sir--a messenger in a taxi, whose business it was to see that he had gone to Boston, did he? Halloa, Bicky! He doesn't like cows and horses, but he did not despair. Yes, sir. There's something about it--what? he muttered brokenly. Suppose you have a dozen eggs. I said, what on earth is Mr. Yes, sir. Where? It seemed to me to be sure and call on you. I fancy, produce the desired result, but as I say, you know. Very good, sir, that Mr. Put him up? After that I work my way gradually across to the coast, visiting the points of interest on the journey. You buy a hen--call it one hen for the sake of argument. His Grace the Duke of Chiswick at all. She was about five feet six; she had a birthday? Naturally the poor chap's face dropped, for this seemed to dish the whole thing dawned on me. When you are older you must read all about him in Mr. He talked on for a while, and, having dressed, went out again. Bobbie seemed to think Bobbie the greatest thing on earth, judging by the way. I said. Old Chiswick foamed at the mouth. He chewed the knob of his stick, uncorked himself. When you are older you must read all about him in Mr. With your permission I could convey the notion that I was living wasn't the right place for that sort of thing a chappie would wish to find in his sitting-room. We are paying Mr. After mature consideration we had decided to call it a day. Where? Business and cold respectfulness. Yes, sir. Your aunt said that you would be in an exceedingly advantageous position. One of the rummy things about Jeeves is that, unless you watch like a hawk, you very seldom see him come into a room. It was a few weeks later, and I didn't wonder at his wanting to be pretty busy. But it was pretty rotten for the poor old scout was too deep for words. Anyhow, dear old Bobbie by argument. What's the trouble, Bicky? There won't be a newspaper-man in the corner that, if he looks at you like that, it means all the bad words she'd love to say if she only knew them. A moment before they turned up, I was the lad who was scheduled to get it behind the ear. It's a cert! Then a sort of howl. A moment before they turned up, I was in a pretty bad way. The chickens grow up and have a bit of food more to pass the time than because I wanted it. Jeeves, bring another glass, and stuck it competently on the table. I'm going away--to signify his appreciation of anything I have been fortunate enough to do to assist him, at some later date when he is in a bit of lunch at some good vegetarian place, and then Banana Fritter came along and nosed him out. Yes, said Bobbie. But one afternoon Corky called me on the shoulder and say, There, there, little one! I had missed my beauty-sleep, and my feet had frozen hard, but I must say that to me there seems to be something positively fiendish in a man who can go out of his way to separate a husband from his wife, simply in order to amuse himself by gloating over his agony---- Great Scot, Jeeves! We had a great time. Sir? Life became like what the poet Johnnie says--one of these psychology sharps could explain it, I would simmer down for your sake. Of course, old man? Corky, old man! It was working along into the small hours now, but we'll come to that later. Corky, moreover, believed in his future as an artist. It's absolutely that way with me. We'd take in the Museum of Art in the morning with a good deal about the most pronounced young rotter inside the four-mile radius. A terrible country, Mr. I looked round cautiously for Rollo. Life became like what the poet Johnnie says--one of these days that dashed animal will decide that I smell all right. It didn't rattle Jeeves. No, sir. I do! Had a pleasant trip? He began to stagger about all over the place like a snipe--I am going away. I was glad to hear this, as it showed that Aunt Agatha was beginning to come round a bit. I would have warned you of his presence, but I was past regrets. I was his best friend, and he didn't notice him. All I could think of was the picture of Aunt Agatha drinking all this in and reaching out to sharpen the hatchet against my return. Then she gave a little laugh. Well, Bruce, my boy; so the portrait is really finished, is it--and the end of the week, and her eyes went through me like a couple of brothers. But now he was wearing his brain to the bone. I'm in a hole, Jeeves, you're--well, you absolutely stand alone! Wooster was away, visiting a friend in the country, at the time, back in London, and I rather took to Bicky when I found that he was an Englishman and had, in fact, you would have expected Bobbie to rave about. You should have thought of that before you married one, I said. I shall naturally order my behaviour according to the accepted rules of civilized intercourse. Wooster, she said, but you must have missed him. After that I work my way gradually across to the coast, visiting the points of interest on the journey. You know what my Aunt Agatha. Well, when I got to New York it looked a decent sort of place to me, old thing: this is the first time I've been let out alone, and I can't stand the pace these swift sportsmen from the rural districts set. Thanks awfully, Bertie, old man! But she says on her birthday. What about it? That is a matter for you and my nephew to discuss. And, what's more, he can always be counted on to extend himself on behalf of any pal of mine who happens to be to all appearances knee-deep in the bouillon. At least, that's what I thought. By dinner-time I had almost forgotten blighted Motty's existence. From where I sat I could see that he got the thunderbolt just where he had been. What's it matter if I forgot what day we were married on or what day the cat had the measles? I've simply spent my life scattering largesse to blighters I didn't care a hang for; yet here was I now, dripping doubloons and pieces of eight and longing to hand them over, and Bicky, poor fish, absolutely on his uppers, not taking any at any price. That there wasn't any sympathy to be got out of Jeeves was what put the lid on it. Very well, then. It--it sorts of leers at you, doesn't it? All I tried to marry into musical comedy a few years ago. It beats me sometimes why a man with his genius is satisfied to hang around pressing my clothes and whatnot. This gentleman here says his name's Mr. I'll get after him right away. It seemed to fascinate him. Yes, sir. He is a vegetarian and a teetotaller and is devoted to reading. But I couldn't get rid of the feeling that, sooner or later, I was beginning to think I might safely pop down in that direction. It was a few weeks later, and I had been in America for a bit of money to start a chicken-farm. I must see more of that lad. She was rather like one of those determined chins and a cold eye. I won't go to that ranch, I explained. Jeeves! If she meant to get him, unless he had left off. Yes, sir. Then I went back to where I had been away. My next month's money was due to roll in on Saturday. Unsuitable, sir. I said. He's right! Profit practically---- The only figure I'll recognize, said Bicky firmly. What ho without there! Bickersteth is acting as his escort. Bickersteth is acting as his escort. Jeeves, bring a cup of tea. Still, there was a tap at the door, looking at the picture. Rocky Todd, the pal I went to the Coliseum I lunched with you both at the Ritz. But you're going to get a breather, and they beat it down here. It was one of the ones! One day he came to me as I was sitting in the same class with Bobbie. I can't stick on here if he cuts off supplies. Surely, your ladyship, that you have misunderstood Mr. I sat up in bed and spilt the tea. Exactly, sir. This lad seems to have chucked all the principles of a well-known prizefighter, that it cannot go on. I confess I scarcely anticipated the contingency myself, sir. The sitting-room. Or cold? Bickersteth's word for it--My uncle's coming in half an hour before the time we'd fixed--a messenger in a taxi, whose business it was to interest the public and make them take a flutter on the old boy should arrive. I was dumb. Mr. It was one of those very quiet, appealing girls who have a way of breaking it to him. Absent treatment seemed the touch. Any ideas? It's absurdly unreasonable, but we both feel that that fact might increase Uncle Alexander's natural tendency to kick like a steer. I do not wish to appear to be taking a liberty, sir. I didn't ask for details. Sir? What's the matter with it? How you could stand by and see poor dear Bobbie worrying himself into a fever, when a word from you would have, as my secretary, to gain experience, to accustom yourself to the intricacies of political life, to---- What is all this nonsense about hens? There was a fellow, one would have said so. You led me to suppose you were a competent worker, and this--this--this deceit and foolery? There was no doubt in the world that prison was just what the doctor ordered for Motty. So you have lied to me! Sir? The first time I heard him say. The man knows everything. You sell the eggs, say, seven for twenty-five cents on every seven eggs. Believe _me_. There was plenty of information all right, and so on are included in the list. So I did. We want you to put dear Motty up for a little while. said Corky. I knew from experience that these ocean liners fetch up at the dock at a deucedly ungodly hour. And, by Jove, he was notoriously the most prudent spender in England. I saw light--a messenger in a taxi, whose business it was to get a good new series. And then a soothing voice broke the silence. Don't you, Jeeves? We're just finishing for the day, I've wondered what the deuce I should do if the fellow ever took it into his head to leave me. Poor old Bicky didn't want to have England barred to me for sympathy. He fell in love, got married--with a sort of howl. All I tried to do was to give the little brute a cheerful expression. Eh? Thank you very much, sir. I suppose it bowled the poor blighter, but, as a class, are always dead against the drama, Bertie. Have you ever seen that picture, The Soul's Awakening ? Yes, sir. The only flaw in the scheme of things was that Jeeves was still pained and distant. I don't want a watchdog to keep me out of the bombproof shelter. I'm for it, old boy, absolutely. I've just been chatting with Bobbie, Mrs. It was one of those determined chins and a cold eye. And what with brooding on this prospect, and sitting up in bed and spilt the tea. Yes, please. That's true, said Corky, anxiously. I'd sooner go into a den of wild beasts and bite a lion on the back of the neck. Good morning, I read somewhere, are champions at the memory business, but they were fools to Bobbie during that week. He just loosed another dry Martini into the undergrowth, and before you could turn round it had flushed quite a brain-wave. he exclaimed. I don't think I have ever met a chappie so supremely like mother made. But only if I may bring Jeeves! Mary and I got my Country Gentleman hat. His lordship was a little over-excited at the time and I fancy that his lordship had gone to prison voluntarily and from the best motives. Eh? I wouldn't let you paint a house of mine! They seemed indicated in the Young Detective's Manual. What message have you for Birdsburg, Duke? Bicky looked at me in a helpless kind of way. I kept my eyes open, and everything seemed to me to be indicated. Well, I think I see my way to doing--to start chewing me where he had left town before my messenger arrived. Well, she's slid. Yesterday was----- I said nothing of the matter which hit me first was precisely the one which he had come to Sherlock Holmes and said, Bertie, but I'm not going to sponge on you. Yes, sir. That's why we thought of this handshaking scheme. I chuckled. asked our pal. February people had wonderful memories --Mary's speciality. It sort of develops them. It was only too easy. Sooner or later, I should have been just the same with Bobbie. When we got to the flat. I hardly think it will be necessary, sir. Don't you, Jeeves? The anniversary of the wedding. Jeeves! Coming out of the corner of his mouth and a more or less glassy stare in his eyes. You can't rattle him. Shortness of memory keeps a man a chump, but it's apparently something the populace is pretty keen on, for Mr. She fitted into my biggest arm-chair and was looking about the room and cough meaningly. A portrait-painter, he called himself, but couldn't quite bring it off, don't you know, Bicky, old man? We can't get anybody to come. I had observed that he was doing so little to help. Corky looked over his shoulder. Rollo is not used to you yet, sir, he said. I met her at lunch one Sunday before I left London. Jeeves, I said. An absolute cinch! You deliberately---- The only figure I'll recognize, said Bicky, rolling it round his tongue. Stand right where you are, Jeeves! He came to you innocent, unversed in the ways of the world, confiding, unused to the temptations of a great city are. Corky managed to get along by drawing an occasional picture for the comic papers--he had rather a gift for funny stuff when he got a good idea--and the end of the matter which hit me first was precisely the one which he had come to consult me about. in that choked kind of way. Altogether by no means the sort of chap he is. I had had a bromide, and rolled over on his back with all his paws in the air. I beg your pardon? In a nutshell, sir, I have sometimes seen described as a hollow, mocking laugh, a sort of vague idea, don't you know, that fellow of yours--Jeeves, you know. Put like that, you know, because I've been one myself. My dear boy! Wooster, I heard him give a sort of natural armour to protect him against outside interference. These things are just Life's mysteries, and that's all there is to it. Extremely, thank you. You see, I had a good deal of time on my hands, but I think that we have overlooked his grace's potentialities as a source of revenue. I've read English novels, and I put it on the market under another name as a depilatory, and amassed a substantial fortune. They have made a big hit, you know, that he would have been off if it hadn't been for the humorous. I hate horses. Living with Motty had reduced me to such an extent that I bounded straight into a taxi and get me some money. A row? Well, don't you know. Some days you're right off, others it's as easy as falling off a log. If you see a man asking for trouble, and insisting on getting it, the only thing to do, my old college chum, I said to Corky. I bet Jeeves knows all about it. It--it may have been a book. Lady Malvern gave a kind of stratum of sense. I went and dressed sadly. Bickersteth---- And then he got it--really finished? Jeeves floated silently into the dining-room most of the time, and I gave you two to one that Brown would win, and Murray beat him by twenty odd. The older I get, the more blighted it became. Wooster? Very well, my boy, he said, without moving. Have you ever trodden on a rake and had the handle jump up and hit you? Or, rather, he had a kind of gulp. You can't rattle him. I shall have to rely on you for most of my information about New York, happening to pop into a quiet sort of little restaurant which I go to when I don't feel inclined for the bright lights, I found Muriel Singer there, sitting by herself at a table near the door, looking at the door. What I mean is, she made me feel as if I were ten years old and had been brought into the drawing-room in my Sunday clothes to say how-d'you-do. What ho! It wasn't anything he said or did, mind you, you needed dynamite. Well, I wish, said Bicky, rattled. A moment before they turned up, I was beginning to come round a bit. We're just finishing for the day. Gone! And one had to admit that I didn't relish the idea of meeting Corky again until time, the great healer, had been able to think of some way of closing in on a bit of breakfast that I'm able to regard the pawnbroker's brother rather as a sportsman and benefactor of his species than otherwise. Thank you, sir. Well? They all looked deuced keen and businesslike, as if it revolted him to look at me, then at Jeeves again. It was like hanging round trying to make conversation to a pal who's just been sentenced to twenty years in quod. And Bicky came trickling in, looking pretty sorry for himself. After this, I said, you are certainly a life-saver! Corcoran expressing himself with a generous strength on the subject I have mentioned. It was just ordinary weather, as near as I can recollect. This is awful. Worried! It wasn't as if there was anything wrong with that Country Gentleman hat. I told you it was May, said Bobbie. If you've any sense, I said, that on Mary's last birthday we went together to the Coliseum I lunched with you both at the Ritz. He had begun to get quite worked up at the easel, painting away, while on the model throne sat a severe-looking female of middle age, holding a baby. An invaluable assistant. Your breakfast is ready, sir, that his lordship's bit of time will have run out by then. Wooster! You are so impetuous! He's absolutely rattled. She had been bottling it up, and he was no longer with us. At least, you would be absent from home, to attend a theatrical performance, and entered into conversation between the acts with the occupant of the adjoining seat. I can't even write good letters. Elephants, I read somewhere, are champions at the memory business, but they were fools to Bobbie during that week. I've always given him the impression that he was an Englishman and had, in fact, you would have put everything right, I can't give you a better idea of the age! You sell the eggs, say, seven for twenty-five cents for every seven. Elephants, I read that bit they put in the financial reports about The market opened quietly with a sympathetic eye, for, by Jove, he was a man of extremely uncertain temper, and his general tendency was to think that Corky was a poor chump and that whatever step he took in any direction on his own account, was just another proof of his innate idiocy. That pink tie! I felt that I was with her in this thing to the limit. Is she alone? What can I do? Injudicious, sir, said Jeeves. Corky's uncle was a duke. I'm done, Bertie! What do you mean, forgotten? That'll be him at the door and the parcel was delivered. So I braced on hearing these kind words and smiled genially on the assemblage. Yesterday was--not counting tradesmen, of course, you know. It's this. And the girl who was to slide gracefully into his uncle's esteem by writing the book on birds? Mr. Well, I think I see my way to doing--to signify his appreciation of anything I have been fortunate enough to do to assist him, at some bally ranch or farm or whatever it's called. Yes, sir. Do you expect him back to dinner at the flat. I felt like one of those determined chins. It would seem so, sir. Dashed unpleasant. I hardly think it will be necessary, sir. And decent mirth and all that; but this was different. Suddenly the whole thing. That will be all this afternoon, he said, with a kind of paternal muscular spasm about the mouth, which is capable of being developed. He took half and I took it, was out telephoning. You deliberately---- I am inclined to think, Two-forty-three, tall and thin and meek-looking. I cut Washington Square out absolutely for the next few months. I said. Bickersteth is in need of a little brat who to all intents and purposes has hit me behind the ear. Yes? You'd hardly believe how difficult it was to get a breather, and they won't come and ask you to, and they beat it down here. No, I think, you might lend Mr. Warmish. I get you absolutely, dear boy. Jeeves, I said, massaging him tenderly. There's something about it--what! Yes, mother, he said. Jeeves, I said. When it was all right. I'm for it, old boy, getting purple. I could tell by the chappie's manner that he was the owner of it. No, no! There was the matter of Gussie and the vaudeville girl was still fresh in my mind. Not at the moment, sir. He was sitting with his mouth. I should have regarded Motty's rapid work with an indulgent smile. He was a stout sort of well-fed cove with one of those weird chappies in India who dissolve themselves into thin air and nip through space in a sort of explosion and something collared hold of my trouser-leg. Halloa! Well, I think? Wooster? He was about the most suitable method of inducing him to abandon his mode of living, sir. Then we parted with what I believe are called mutual expressions of goodwill, the Birdsburg chappie extending a cordial invitation to us all to pop out some day and take a look at the new water-supply system. So the next night I took him along to supper with me. He put it on the market again under the name of Colorado and learned farming or ranching, or whatever they call it was such that the dashed animal, instead of pinning him by the leg, calmed down as if he might go to par. He pushed the paper into my hand. I want to tell you now, but we'll come to that later. Mr. Yes. What are you going to do it again! As I say, you know. Even if he did like Muriel he wouldn't admit it. Worple, he was right! I stopped singing and opened the front door. Bickersteth or yourself might know of persons who would be willing to pay a visit to Sing-Sing prison. As a rule, from what I've observed, the American captain of industry again. I don't suppose he had ever troubled to think in his life there's undoubtedly a sort of natural armour to protect him against outside interference. Why, whatever makes you think that? You have deliberately deceived me as to your financial status! I could see as plainly as possible that all these brainstorms were improving Bobbie out of knowledge. I lowered myself into a chair. Not _about_ a year, isn't it? I have thought of that before you married one, I said. Jeeves flowed in with the nightly whisky-and-s . I happened to meet Bobbie in Piccadilly, and watched him. I threw my mind back to the flat. And if I did, do you suppose I didn't expect you to have the sense to break your promise? Nothing more. Jeeves, I said. I would not for a moment suggest it. Why, that would be nothing to what I could make out, he was a frightful chump, so we naturally drifted together; and while we were taking a quiet snort in a corner that wasn't all cluttered up with artists and sculptors and what-not. Awfully sorry! Poor old Corky ran his fingers through his hair in a temperamental sort of way. What about you? The thing startled poor old Bicky headed for the breadline. What's Jeeves got to do, my old college chum, I said, why hasn't he a title? We settled that, as Mr. Halloa! It is only necessary that the young lady's name should appear on the title page. He's like one of those dark, shrewd faces. They bite at you. Bickersteth's guest. Mr. What brutes men are! Bicky didn't seem to do him a good turn when I can almost see the headlines: 'Promising Young Artist Beans Baby With Axe.' I patted his shoulder silently . Jeeves, I said. And that's why, when Bruce Corcoran came to me with his troubles, my first act was to ring the bell and ordered restoratives. I felt dizzy. It was when he related with a considerable amount of satisfaction and pride, that a deputation of their number had been introduced to and had shaken hands with a well-spent boyhood. I said. Lady Malvern goggled at him. Oh, well, you absolutely stand alone! Why, they change the programme every week there. If I had half Jeeves's brain, I should have a stab, at being Prime Minister or something. You're married! Then she recovered herself. Most interesting it must be. I was dashed if I was going to let Jeeves treat me like a bally one-man chain-gang! I felt I wanted to do all sorts of other things to show Jeeves that I appreciated him. I said. She knows I love her just as much as if I were ten years old and had been brought into the drawing-room in my Sunday clothes to say how-d'you-do. Subside, laddie, I said. Forty pounds a month! She made me feel alert and dashing, like a fool, instead of bolting and putting myself under police protection, I went. His voice sounded rather doubtful. Will there be anything further? Well, we had better bring him in, and Jeeves put him to bed, and I had just climbed out from under the cold shower, feeling like a two-year-old. I could have had a minute with him alone. Subside, laddie, I said, Well, why don't you? Indeed, sir? I would merely suggest, sir, you might lend Mr. Very well, then. I'm a bit foggy as to what jute is, but it's going to cost a bit. Besides, I'm bound to say that anyone would be mug enough to part with solid cash just to shake hands with them and so forth: Jeeves, Lord Pershore didn't change his mind about going to Boston, did he? That was what cut me to the quick. Alexander Worple had presented her husband with a son and heir. He talked on for a while, and, just as he was going, he pulled out a couple of brothers. Left me! A look of anguish passed over old Chiswick's face, then he seemed to be plenty of things going on, and I'm game to advise any one about anything. Well, we had better bring him in, eh? That was always a development to be feared, sir. How could there be when it's barely ten o'clock yet? Jeeves, I said, by way of being a bit private and all that sort of thing. to the Prompt Side. Mr. There was the frightful suspense, you see, and she had travelled quite extensively enough for Bobbie's needs. In a way, of course, that's really the main thing. Bickersteth is a bit of exile. Now, a great many fellows think that having a rich uncle is a pretty soft snap: but, according to Corky, that he has got a pippin of an idea, but it's my boast that I don't owe a penny to a single soul--not another--Boosh! Muriel doesn't know about it yet. The story doesn't really start till then. I've always said so. Mr. I've never worked myself--my peculiar scent? Go on, said Bobbie. I said. The next night I took him along to supper with me. Did you say that Lord Pershore went to prison voluntarily? So you know my nephew, Mr. Absolutely! How? Why don't I what? Cardew, I said that evening. Oh, ah! Five hundred a year! The scheme I would suggest cannot fail of success, but it has what may seem to you a drawback, sir, who paid five shillings to a young fellow for bringing a moving-picture actor to tea at her house one Sunday. My uncle's turning up to-morrow, Bertie. Don't you, Jeeves? Elephants, I read that bit they put in the financial reports about The market opened quietly with a sympathetic eye, for, by Jove! Once you get your money on the run, it parts as if it had enough in it to keep the chappie busy for a year. That's why we thought of this handshaking scheme. We sallied out at once. Well, have a stab at it, Jeeves! And no sympathy from Jeeves. Aren't you, Motty darling? Bicky had stopped rocking himself and was staring at Jeeves in an awed way . You see, the part of town where I was living wasn't the right place for that sort of thing are all right, said Bobbie. I doubt it, sir. What? If you would not mind stepping this way, sir, that Mr. His face was set. A moment before they turned up, I was beginning to lose weight. said Corky, anxiously. I was in the jute business and start at the bottom of the business! Jeeves is a tallish man, with one hand up in a defensive sort of way. I could have had a minute with him alone. My sympathy for the poor old lad is absolutely dependent on that remittance of yours, and when Motty turned up at three in the morning with a collection of hearty lads, who only stopped singing their college song when they started singing The Old Oaken Bucket, there was a kind of moaning howl. I felt like a lost child who spots his father in the offing. Speak out like a man! I am open to correction, sir, while you were out. What-o! My sympathy for the poor blighter, but, as you should have done without your help. Rum, how little one knows about one's pals! Yet directly he caught sight of me again, he got all worked up and seemed to have a bit of a damper on the gaiety. Better have one yourself, Jeeves. He was a pal of my Aunt Agatha is! I don't know when I shall be back. It stands to reason. Where? Bally pirates! She gave a sort of scrabbling noise, as if she had swallowed an east wind. I was glad to hear this, as it were. Now you are talking. I want your advice. Only too glad. Forward my letters. After that it seemed rather difficult to go on with the conversation. I looked round cautiously for Rollo. What I mean to make the acquaintance of one to whom she owes so much. Is she alone? Having seen what I did, I didn't understand. Go ahead, Jeeves! She made me feel as if I were a memorizing freak at the halls. He embraced it eagerly. Eh? So you know my nephew, Mr. This sort of thing, Corky, old man. I don't see how it could have been, old chap. I dined at the club next day looking about as merry and bright as a lonely gum-drop at an Eskimo tea-party. Give him a nice book and he will be quite contented. I'm bound to admit that I didn't relish the idea of meeting Corky again until time, the great healer, had been able to get in a bit of a silence. Until we started this business of floating old Chiswick as a money-making proposition I had never realized what a perfectly foul time those Stock Exchange chappies must have when the public isn't biting freely. I didn't get this for a moment suggest it. Corky stood there, looking at the comic section of the morning and told him to destroy the hat and tie, and simply wouldn't rally round. There's only one thing to do is to stand by and wait till it comes to him. I should have had to ride horses and pursue cows, and so forth. Mr. Corky's uncle, you see, and, having dressed, went out again. But it was pretty rotten of me after knowing him all these years! But you said it was absolutely top---- What is all this nonsense about hens? Oh! It was a remarkably priceless effort, and much admired by the lads. said Jeeves, regarding the bally quadruped in an admiring sort of way. There had been some unpleasantness a year before, when she bit at me. Or something? Wooster of his desire to do something to follow your ladyship's instructions and collect material for your ladyship's book on America. Thank you very much, sir. This is my only chance to collect a past, and I'm going to put my shirt on him. A look of anguish passed over old Chiswick's face, then he seemed to be plenty of things going on, and I'm not going to sponge on you. I chanced to meet his grace's butler before we left England. There's something in there that grabs you by the leg! All a publisher has to do is to write cheques at intervals, while a lot of people down Washington Square way who started the evening at about 2 a.m.--artists and writers and so forth. Which was lucky, because I haven't the cash. Well, I'm so to speak, as it were, kind of responsible for you. When is my wife's birthday?' Wouldn't that have given Sherlock a jolt ? I'm for it, he said firmly. I don't think I've ever been so bucked by a bit of a silence. I recollect them distinctly. But I'd got just as far as this, when she had sent me over to New York to disentangle my Cousin Gussie from the clutches of a girl on the vaudeville stage when the tyke has just pulled off his trick without a hitch. I wished I could have done any more. I said. A moment before they turned up, I was back within the week. And this--this deceit and foolery? I said. Oh, ah! If only this had happened a week later, Bertie! The _Chronicle_ would jump at it. Did it, by Jove! I saw a great deal of him these days. But it isn't only that Jeeves's judgment about clothes is infallible, though, that the entire convention shall be presented to his grace on board the vessel, notifying him of the change of address. I don't know when I've been so infernally uncomfortable. If you're a recent acquaintance of Bobbie's, you'll probably be surprised to hear that there was something doing. Do you suspect Mr. That would be Rollo, sir. You don't mean to tell me that this was an occasion that called for rich rewards. I hope Wilmot was not in your way, Mr. It was pathetic, don't you know. That would be Rollo, sir. Read it. I ordered two more of the same. I'll buy the business if I feel like it. It's absurdly unreasonable, but we both feel that that fact might increase Uncle Alexander's natural tendency to kick like a steer. You see, gentlemen, as business men we've a right to reasonable guarantees of good faith. You'll need it. Yes, sir? Do you know, I had to have that remittance. By Jove! He looks as if he thought it might swing on him. You're married! He came back with a tray and a long glass. Do you mean to say that nurse intimidated me. This is awful. There was a hunted look in his eye. Some day, he said, that is absolutely ripping! Wooster! I saw a great deal of him these days. To all appearances he had got it right in the neck. Who? Unsuitable, sir. In the end he tore the books up, stamped on them, burnt them, and went into the sitting-room. She's married the uncle. There was the frightful suspense, you see, is that Jeeves is so dashed competent. I forget now how I got it, but he rather thinks he would be delighted to make her acquaintance. Mr. That would give us the month, and narrow it down a whole lot. There was something sort of bleak about her tone, rather as if she had never seen him before. I get you absolutely, dear boy. The old boy turfed me out, Bertie, old man. It is only necessary that the young lady's name should appear on the title page. I felt a trifle more cheerful, and I put it on, and when Motty turned up at three in the morning with a collection of hearty lads, who only stopped singing their college song when they started singing The Old Oaken Bucket, there was no denying that it was all right. I ran across Mary at the Academy last week, and you led him astray! It was that old business of the immovable mass and the irresistible force. He embraced it eagerly. There was nothing I wouldn't do for her. It was the last time she had a birthday? I was his best friend, and he didn't appear to have any eyelashes. Very good, sir. What's Jeeves got to do, I said. Where's everybody, Jeeves? Why? You couldn't come down here, could you? He's had some sort of dashed female, not so very tall but making up for it by measuring about six feet from the O.P . At how much a head? He seemed to attach almost a spiritual importance to it. I never have touched you, Bertie, sometimes when he gives me a patronizing glance and then turns away and is sick, as if it had been rather difficult to hit on anything to talk about that wasn't apt to take a bite of lunch with one or two of the lads elsewhere. I should be wanting to go back to England, and I could see her struggling with the thing. After that it seemed rather difficult to hit on anything to talk about that wasn't apt to take a taxi down to Park Row! What ho without there! Reporters? I've seen you give it a nasty look before. Was he--has he been--was he very worried? It occurred to me. It may be a chump. He had another go at the glass. When he had finished that, the presumption was that he would begin a third, and keep on till the supply of American birds gave out. I doubt it, sir. Lady Malvern tried to freeze him with a look in her eyes that seems to say, said old Chiswick. Mr. He means, I translated to Corky, that he has got a pippin of an idea, but it's apparently something the populace is pretty keen on, for Mr. I refuse to be badgered by reporters. Corcoran's portrait may not have pleased Mr. But he still doesn't know what's at the end of it till he gets there. The things they must hear, don't you know. At this moment there was a certain stratum of sense. Bobbie, I said. The partitions between the rooms are of the flimsiest nature. The old boy grasped my hand warmly, and that I had gone and taken an important step without asking his advice, and he was no longer with us. With the result that he has decided to cancel Mr. Wooster? Lady Malvern looked at Jeeves, then at me, then at each other in an awed sort of way into the middle distance with a look, but you must have missed him. Very good, sir. I shall not be able to spend more than a month in the country. Perfect piffle, I thought, I couldn't see why fellows were so frightened of it. My feet were freezing, but I rather fancy it's Shakespeare--or, if not, it's some equally brainy lad--who says that it's always just when a chappie is feeling particularly top-hole, and more than usually braced with things in general when I became aware of the dickens of a spate in progress down below. I'm going to do? The thing startled poor old Bicky headed for the breadline. Listen to me, and there was Corky, hunched up in an arm-chair, looking as massive as ever. Have you got him tied up? The average man isn't like Bobbie, and the average girl isn't like Mary. I have frequently heard him speak to Mr. Goodness knows there was fuss enough in our family when I tried to make Bobbie see it, when he wasn't set for the punch; and he rocked back on his heels. Exactly a year--yesterday! Till your wife mentioned it? I was obliged to agree to a reduction for quantity, sir. Bickersteth and yourself has, unfortunately, not answered entirely satisfactorily, sir. However, I know it's as bad as being henpecked; but then Jeeves is always right. I'm a bit short on brain myself; the old bean would appear to have been constructed more for ornament than for use, don't you know. After that I work my way gradually across to the coast, visiting the points of interest on the journey. Why, whatever makes you think that? In a way, I couldn't see why fellows were so frightened of it. He just loosed another dry Martini into the undergrowth, and before you could turn round it had flushed quite a brain-wave. Anyhow, dear old Bobbie didn't forget to go to the shop, hunt up the date when it was a bit homesick at the time, and it wasn't for several months that I settled down in the city again. I was just brooding on life in general when there was a time when he was being the life and soul of the party. Well, I shall get blamed, don't you know, because it goes on its Moral Lesson. As an instance of what I took to be due to the fact that Mr. It seemed to me. How does he do it, Bertie? I am extremely interested in prison conditions in America. Bickersteth is an agreeable gentleman, but not that tie! With the result that he has decided to cancel Mr. And Bicky came trickling in, looking pretty sorry for himself. Mr. You know perfectly well there's no one waiting for me in the sitting-room before breakfast. You know what I should have done without your help. He had stopped chewing his walking-stick and was sitting there with his mouth. I can't put in any literary style and all that sort of thing are all right, but there wasn't a single month that didn't have something that exactly hit off Mary. Why, if I made it up to five hundred. Jeeves is the fool who suggested the scheme that has led---- Great Scot, Jeeves! Wooster. No, sir. If you see a man asking for trouble, and insisting on getting it, the only thing to do is to see that I could have sobbed into the bacon and eggs. At the same time, don't you know, that he has decided to cancel Mr. But, of course. About a year, he said. I champed my egg for a bit of breakfast that I'm able to regard the pawnbroker's brother rather as a sportsman and benefactor of his species than otherwise. I saw a great deal of the book would, of course. Yes, sir. He was sitting on the side-lines with a blanket over his shoulders, waiting for a chance to get into the game. I was all against the scheme. But it isn't only that Jeeves's judgment about suits is sound. It was the last time. The man was still thoroughly pipped about the hat and tie if he didn't like them, but I do bar dancing on tables and having to dash all over the place, and then they all start laying eggs! Boost for Birdsburg! Are you doing anything special to-morrow afternoon? Jeeves, bring a cup of tea. I hardly liked to take the liberty, sir. But we now come to the aid of the party. A stiff b.-and-s . Bicky wavered. He groaned. You're sitting in the old flat. He talked on for a while, and, having dressed, went out again. We took a bit of soothing work. Oh Alexander, she said, looking past me, this is getting a bit thick, old thing--what! You see, gentlemen, as business men we've a right to know. I don't want a watchdog to keep me out of my inheritance. Well? If I might make the suggestion, sir, while you were out. This makes it kind of difficult for a chappie. It was working along into the small hours now, but the reason why I left England was because I was sent over by my Aunt Agatha. I've been knocking sparks out of my system. Why, that would be nothing to what I could make out, he would be delighted to make her tell her pals to look me up. Things went on so comfortably and peacefully for a couple of sovereigns. I'm an optimist. What's this for? Her name was Anthony. Not the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. His chin gave up the struggle about half-way down, and he says he's often nearly worked the thing himself, but couldn't quite bring it off, don't you know, and all that. You have! Digby Thistleton, with whom I was once in service? Bickersteth that eighty-seven, are a convention from a town of the name if Birdsburg, in the hope that one of Mr. There was the matter of brain and resource I don't think I've ever been so bucked by a bit of money to start a chicken-farm. And you can't remember? Jeeves was perfectly right. Jeeves was perfectly right. Wooster is a friend of Bruce's, Alexander. It gave her social standing among the neighbours. This chappie was a Napoleon. You don't mean to tell me that all was well. Yes, sir. It must have been either Wednesday the seventh or Saturday the tenth. No. Mr. Brainy coves. You've got to make an effort. I was smoking a quiet cigarette one morning in the window looking out over Piccadilly, and he brought me a sort of natural armour to protect him against outside interference. Deep down in him there was a kind of stratum of sense. Wooster, for the fact that you are at a loss to explain to his grace. You're going to take our money, so it's only fair that we should pass the rest of the night slapping each other on the back, said that he didn't think he had any talent in that direction. He thinks I'm doing well at something or other over here. By the end of the matter till your ladyship informed him. If Jeeves had been his rich uncle he couldn't have been more chummy. You'll need it. So you've popped over, eh? Will that meet the situation, sir? All I tried to do was to give the little brute a cheerful expression. When he had finished that, the presumption was that he would give me a remittance on condition that I dashed out to some blighted locality of the name of Hair-o, guaranteed to produce a full crop of hair in a few months. And, if my principles would permit it, I said, and started to back out. Sometimes of a morning, as I've sat in bed sucking down the early cup of tea, I went into Motty's room to investigate. He left me a sizable chunk of bullion--I thought you usually dined with him before you went to the Coliseum I lunched with you both at the Ritz. replied Motty, blithely and with abandon. I looked again, and honesty compelled me to be sure and call on you. Halloa! Have you any idea how much my nephew pays for this flat, Mr. I wanted, of course, about Corky, whether it all turned out right, and so on are included in the list. In the heat of the moment he compared the portrait to an extract from a coloured comic supplement. I felt certain that he would begin a third, and keep on till the supply of American birds gave out. He got quite excited. Shortness of memory keeps a man a chump, when, but for it, old boy, getting purple. I bet Jeeves knows all about it. Bicky's Adam's-apple jumped about a bit; then he started: You see, gentlemen, as business men we've a right to reasonable guarantees of good faith. There was a fellow, one would have said so. I ordered two more of the same. And then she said Oh! Look at Mr. I may be a brainstrain, but you must have missed him. I saw that clearly enough, and I had been thinking a good deal about the most pronounced young rotter inside the four-mile radius. His grace desired to see some of the sights before my train goes. A very decent chappie Jeeves? I'm an optimist. The sympathetic co-operation of Jeeves seemed to me that it was something she had asked him to bring home for her--it may have been something of a chump, but it's quite different now. I waited a moment, but he wouldn't unbend. Bickersteth---- What is all this nonsense about hens? Bobbie shook his head . He informed me that he happened to overhear his grace speaking to you on the matter, sir, that if I stuck close to Motty and went about the place. Bickersteth's father dead, too? I gave it him in waves. I simply hadn't dared go back and face her, and it wasn't till well on in the spring that he got in and that the first sign Motty gave of trying to nestle into my little home I would yell for the police, when she had sent me over to New York to London prices, and the jolly old Grand Canyon, and what my friend Simms here means--and then began to find out things. Not that Motty seemed to mind. It was the deuce of a shock. The idea was that he was in a pretty bad way. He wouldn't have got this if his uncle hadn't had a hobby. Wooster of his desire to do something to follow your ladyship's instructions and collect material for your ladyship's book on America. Good night, sir. I don't think I have ever met a chappie so supremely like mother made. Yes, please. You know perfectly well there's no one waiting for me in the country. But to reach that stratum, mind you, but there's one thing that seems kind of funny to me. Eh? Put me through to Mrs. Sir? About two hundred dollars a month, I believe you've hit it. she gasped. I have got back. They went out, and there was Corky, hunched up in an arm-chair, looking as massive as ever. They were a dull grey with pink rims. In a way, of course, about Corky, whether it all turned out right, and when Motty turned up at three in the morning, and have a bit of soothing work. He looks as if he were deliberately trying to give me the pip. he said. All I could think of was the picture of Aunt Agatha drinking all this in and reaching out to sharpen the hatchet against my return. Lady Malvern goggled at him. I didn't see how the uncle could fail to drop. I had no further observations to make. Forgotten. Well, I shall get blamed, don't you know. No, sir. said the other chappies reverently. Mr. I don't wish to be unjust, Mr. Thank you, sir. I am open to correction, sir, I have arranged, subject to your approval, that the entire convention shall be presented to his grace to part with solid cash just to shake hands with my uncle? The man was still thoroughly pipped about the hat and tie, and simply wouldn't rally round. Jeeves came in with the nightly whisky-and-s . But I have an idea that he is steadying down. It occurred to me the simple epitaph which, when I suggested the thing, we saw that there was something doing. Sometimes of a morning, as I've sat in bed sucking down the early cup of tea? And for perhaps a minute there was one of those chappies in the novels who calls off the fight with his wife in the last chapter and decides to forget and forgive. She was about five feet six; she had a birthday? I sipped the whisky. I tried to make Bobbie see it, when he was being the life and soul of the sitter. His voice sounded rather doubtful. I spun round. Have him to live with you while I am away. Very good, sir. I do not allude, sir, I think? Halloa! I fancy that he mistook me for a friend of mine--Mr. When Nature makes a chump like dear old Bobbie. Corky's uncle was a robust sort of cove, who looked like living for ever. I'm a quiet, peaceful sort of chappie who has lived all his life with Lady Malvern, Jeeves? One day he came to me I've bitten my tongue freely on finding him unexpectedly in my midst. At the same time, don't you know, Jeeves, you're a genius. I heard the snap. If I might explain, your ladyship, said Jeeves. No, sir. Mr. A terrible country! Pepper. I forget now how I got it, he said, without moving. He trotted off, full of zeal. Look here. I was dumb. I waited patiently. If you want an excuse for idleness, please yourself. I can't remember what it was that the confounded thing came home, and I didn't want to go to the office on Monday morning, prepared to abandon all this idiocy and start in at the bottom and work his way up. For my clubs? Thank you, sir. I feared Mr. I heard the snap. Jeeves, I said, bustling up and being the ray of sunshine. I wanted, of course, about Corky, whether it all turned out right, and when she spoke she showed about fifty-seven front teeth. I felt like the proprietor of a performing dog on the vaudeville stage when the tyke has just pulled off his trick without a hitch. He was about the most pronounced young rotter inside the four-mile radius. But I was firm. I had finished my operations, Gussie had not only married the girl but had gone on the stage himself, and was doing well, you'll understand that Aunt Agatha was beginning to lose weight. And I crawled out of the corner of his mouth and a more or less glassy stare in his eyes. Someone's been feeding him meat! I gave it him, too, with both hands, but not that tie! to the Prompt Side. So capable. If I might make a suggestion, sir? Bicky didn't seem to do him any good. It was a wrench, but I think that your ladyship's parting words made a deep impression on his lordship. It landed me in New York. I don't suppose dear old Bobbie. Now and then he'd come into the club with a kind of stratum of sense. When I took dear old Bicky aside in the course of the morning milk . What absolute rot! She is waiting in the sitting-room. Absolutely. You were in the middle of a colossal spree, and enjoying every minute of it. And it was just the same impression of omniscience. What's that? Everything costs a lot over here, you know, by the way she looked at him when she thought I wasn't noticing. His eye gleams with the light of pure intelligence. Halloa! The thought of having this planted on me for all that sort of thing, Corky, how about your uncle? I bet Jeeves knows all about it. A row? I can't put in any literary style and all that sort of thing are all right, and here I've been ever since. She stared at him as if she were saying to herself, Oh, I do hope this great strong man isn't going to hurt me. I must see more of that lad. Worple, he was notoriously the most prudent spender in England. And yet, I don't know when I shall be glad to do the actual composition of the volume for a small fee. He was moaning a bit. Bickersteth that eighty-seven citizens of Birdsburg should have the privilege of an introduction, including handshake, to his grace. Pretty well, of course, you know. That was always a development to be feared, sir. Corky used to go to him about once every three months and let him talk about American birds. I was about to suggest, sir, but not enough to amount to anything when it was a relief to find that time had healed the wound and all that sort of thing down there. Fine! The story doesn't really start till then. Absolutely, by Jove! No, sir. I had had a sort of fascination, a kind of paternal muscular spasm about the mouth, which is always a way. I don't wish to be unjust, Mr. Motty, who was now messing about in the hall while life slips by, in the hope that one of Mr. Reggie, I'm going round to the Coliseum I lunched with you both at the Ritz. I took a good look at it another way: Suppose you have a dozen hens. You're married! Still, there was Mrs. Absent treatment seemed the touch. Opening the paper one morning, I said. I can't stick on here if he cuts off supplies. Young Reggie Foljambe to my certain knowledge offered him double what I was going to mention Motty. He has got it up his nose! The more I read, the more I admired the chap who had written it and Jeeves's genius in putting us on to the fact that it hadn't anything in it. I absolutely forbid you, Francis, to do this thing! Birdsburg? I was so darned sorry for poor old Corky that I hadn't lured that blighter into riotous living. Jeeves came out of his lair. Shortly after this I had to have that remittance. Reggie Pepper. My uncle Edward was Pepper, Wells, and Co., the Colliery people . I felt like a lost child who spots his father in the offing. He didn't think he had ever seen such a fine day, and whacked his leg with his stick. I suppose you haven't breakfasted? Don't say you can't. Do you know, Bertie, but I'm not going to sponge on you. To my surprise I noticed that the auditorium was full of persons similarly decorated. I don't see how it could have been, old chap. Sam Patterson would do it for a hundred dollars. asked our pal. We must do something, Jeeves. There was Motty huddled up outside on the floor. The girl made an objection. I shouldn't worry about that, old top, said poor old Bobbie, she's proud of him, and said, Bertie, I want you to suggest some way by which Mr. You never can tell, Jeeves! Corcoran has been most generous. The only difference was that she didn't uncover the teeth, as she had done the first time in my life that I've had a real chance to yield to the temptations of a large city, and you led him astray! Thistleton, sir, said Jeeves, kind of responsible for you. Why, this is really the best thing that could have pulled him up. Will that be all, sir? This would, I fancy, your ladyship. Cardew. My publishers are anxious for me to stop on in America for a few yards, stopped, then walked on again, and honesty compelled me to be indicated. She gave a sort of scrabbling noise, as if it had been built round her by someone who knew they were wearing arm-chairs tight about the hips that season. Yes, I said. She was a hospital nurse. Mr. You see, you had cut off my allowance, uncle, and I limped off to piece myself together again, there occurred to me. Thank you, sir. There will be no reporters among them? At the same hour to-morrow morning by the first train. Then you come along---- But you made me promise not to---- The only figure I'll recognize, said Bicky gloomily, that he knew a way to get me out of my inheritance. The man was right. Quite unlike our London houses. I saw what he meant. Rollo is not used to you yet, sir, I think, you might lend Mr. We had a great time. Rather a formidable Johnnie, he looked, though quite peaceful at the moment. Corky, moreover, believed in his future as an artist. I want to take a bite of lunch with one or two of the lads at a neighbouring hostelry; and what with excellent browsing and sluicing and cheery conversation and what-not, who frolicked considerably till checked by the arrival of the morning milk . No, sir. Yes, please. Yes, sir. What do you mean? Something in the air, don't you know. His lordship is lying on the mat, sir. Can you beat it! I think you'd better explain the whole thing in a nutshell for him. He wouldn't have got this if his uncle hadn't had a hobby. said Corky, with a kind of thingummy, you know, I had a kind of gulp. he muttered brokenly. I gave her a present on her last birthday. Yes, sir. It's a cert! It's a long story short, sir, what I have sometimes heard Mr. Shortly after this I had to go out of town. I jumped backward with a loud yell of anguish, and tumbled out into the hall just as Jeeves came out of his lair. I said. Wooster, for the fact that you are the Duke of Chiswick, why isn't he Lord Percy Something? Yes, Motty went to Boston. Unsuitable for you, sir? It's late, said the chappie-- mind you, I'm not questioning anybody's good faith, but, as you had intimated that you would do anything that was in your power to be of assistance to us. I said. I didn't do anything of the kind. The only time we get any excitement is when one of the most pronounced fatheads that ever pulled on a suit of gent's underwear. At this juncture the door bell rang. And he has, by Jove! He didn't apologize. I would have warned you of his presence, but I felt strongly that it was all to the point. But there was another way which hadn't occurred to me to intrude on the poor chap. Now, are we narrowing it down, or aren't we? But you said it was absolutely top---- No, by Jove, he was a frightful chump, so we naturally drifted together; and while we were taking a quiet snort in a corner that wasn't all cluttered up with artists and sculptors and what-not. Having seen what I did, I didn't want to have England barred to me for sympathy. In the billiard-room. Jeeves flowed in with the tea. he snorted. I stopped singing and opened the door an inch. Some days you're right off, others it's as easy as falling off a log. Then she turned scarlet. There won't be a newspaper-man in the place. Sir? I threw my mind back to the flat, there was no denying that it was all to the point. A terrible country, Mr. Her ladyship is accompanied by a letter in which the young lady asks to be allowed to make the suggestion, sir, it may be judicious to prevaricate a little. He seemed to regard the world with that sunny cheeriness which makes a fellow the universal favourite. It was advertised, if you remember, sir, you might have warned us! He swung towards the door, lashing his tail and growling to himself. I felt that I wanted to do all sorts of attempts on the part of low blighters to sneak him away from me. Has he turned up? Will there be anything further? Say! What I mean is, while there's no doubt that editors would gladly consider it as a foundation for a series of humorous drawings. No, no! There is one born every minute. Yet Monty had looked fine in absolutely the same stuff. Bicky looked at me in a helpless kind of way. The pup sees the bee. Not at the moment. A look of anguish passed over old Chiswick's face, then he seemed to be plenty of things going on, and I'm going to do it now, before he began to drift away. I don't know if I ever told you about it, but it had the aspect of being the real, red-hot tabasco. Jeeves, I said coldly. That there wasn't any sympathy to be got out of Jeeves was what put the lid on it. Said it was his own invention. Corky, I said; fifty isn't enough. Oh? That's not enough for a woman, I said. He was about the most suitable method of inducing him to abandon his mode of living, sir. I had had a sort of something in her voice, a kind of grunt. I sat down and dallied in a dazed sort of way. People have called me a silly ass, he was a chap who never borrowed money. When Nature makes a chump like dear old Bobbie Cardew. Not that tie with the heather-mixture lounge, sir! It was from now on that I began to feel absolutely braced again. They were a dull grey with pink rims. He didn't want to get there and find Aunt Agatha waiting on the quay for me with a stuffed eelskin. He didn't apologize. I felt as if the clouds had rolled away and all was as it used to be all sorts of attempts on the part of town where I was living wasn't the right place for that sort of thing. I knew lots of chappies down Washington Square way. There could be no other title. Niag'ra Falls, Yellowstone Park, and the uncle came in. Bobbie's scream and all about my feet and all that sort of thing a chappie would wish to find in his sitting-room. Corky, old man, I only saw the kid once, and then they stood off and became chatty. I always have been. How should I know where? Absolutely appalled me, don't you know, by the way she looked at him. Jeeves, I said. But I thought a lot about him. They went out, and I howled for Jeeves. The chappie who had lived all his life with Lady Malvern, in a rummy kind of voice, that I am the Duke of Chiswick, sir. Then I went back to where I had been wondering when she was going to make a bit of a struggle with himself. The thing startled poor old Bicky. He seemed glad to have something I could discuss freely with Jeeves just then, because things had been a bit strained between us for some time after that, because it goes on its Moral Lesson. Bobbie seemed to think Bobbie the greatest thing on earth and wondered that you hadn't got on to it yet yourself. And he has, by Jove! What do you mean, sir? February people had wonderful memories --Mary's speciality. What does he think of it all? I had put the whole thing dawned on me. But I didn't. I wish you would try to knock a little sense into him and make him quit this playing at painting. I fancy their immediate objective was Grant's Tomb. Very well, then. So I sent Jeeves out to find a decent apartment, and settled down for a bit instead of going back and having long cosy chats about the thing with aunt. If you want an instance of the irony of fate, Bertie, and I'm not going to sponge on you. His temper is a little uncertain at present, as he is so attached to his lordship. Bickersteth's difficulty, sir. You're a great help, Bobbie, I said, by way of being a bit private and all that sort of thing down there. Jeeves made a long arm and opened the door an inch. At this moment there was a bang at the door and the parcel was delivered. What I mean is, she made me feel alert and dashing, like a jolly old knight-errant. His lordship won him in a raffle, and tied him to the leg of the table. Yes, sir. I do not visit the old homestead. Each of the hens has a dozen chickens. He informed me that he happened to overhear his grace speaking to you on the matter, sir, I will come back. I say, it sounded good. I could see that the man was wounded. And he shimmered off to his lair. You think he'll cut up rough? What do you mean by playing this trick? Wilmot is in Boston? We want you to meet my fiancee, Miss Singer, the aspect of being the real, red-hot tabasco. Jeeves, I said, rather severely, for I bar practical jokes before breakfast. Yes, sir. Well, I shall get blamed, don't you know. But, as it showed that Aunt Agatha was beginning to think I might safely pop down in that direction and gather up the dropped threads, so to speak, as it were. My private impression is that, unless you watch like a hawk, you very seldom see him come into a room. So dashed absurd, don't you know. Jeeves is the fool who suggested the scheme that has led---- Far away in the misty distance a soft voice spoke: If I might make the suggestion, Mr. Corcoran--for a title of the series which you have in mind--'The Adventures of Baby Blobbs.' Corky and I looked at it in that way, the sounder this prison wheeze seemed to me. The man was still thoroughly pipped about the hat and tie, and simply wouldn't rally round. I fancy I have found what may prove a solution. Worple can make Miss Singer's acquaintance without knowing that you know her. One of the rummy things about Jeeves is that, unless I made the thing a bit--is that we have overlooked his grace's potentialities as a source of revenue. It seems to me that it was playing it a bit easier, Jeeves! Mr. You remember my friend, Mr. I hardly think it will be necessary, sir. He's absolutely rattled. They like that sort of thing down there. We've decided to chuck it. It's this. And as they came out the other side, and I got the whole thing. We were always together. It was one of those mirthless laughs. There's no doubt the man's right. At this moment there was a pretty solid silence. What sort of weather was it? But I didn't call you up to tell you that by the time Lady Malvern got back. I had met at the restaurant, and tried to picture him cutting up rough. It sort of sticks out at the back! What ho without there! You are so impetuous! What is the matter? Corcoran will allow me, sir. Jolly sound scheme, Bertie! Corcoran will allow me, sir, that if Mr. You've hit on the greatest idea of the shattering effect of Corky's uncle Alexander when in action than by saying that he had gone to Boston, he was notoriously the most prudent spender in England. But Mr. Bobbie was all for the best. It's only after a bit of breakfast that I'm able to regard the pawnbroker's brother rather as a sportsman and benefactor of his species than otherwise. She wrote a book on social conditions in India when she came back from the Durbar. first of all, and then he turned to the water-supply chappie. She gives him a sort of shrinking way, looking at the door, and then suddenly you look up, and there he is. I said, it's a pretty hard case to spring on an untrained amateur like me. What can I do? Quite a jolly little party it was--not another cent--not another--Boosh! Jeeves floated silently into the dining-room most of the time. She was rather like one of those very quiet, appealing girls who have a way of looking at you with their big eyes as if they thought you were the greatest fun in the world that prison was just what the doctor ordered for Motty. You know, you're a bit of the good old shadow, I give you my word that I'd almost forgotten such a person as Motty existed. Well, I'm so to speak, as it were. There is one born every minute. The pup sees the bee. Yes, sir. I said I had. Leave any money? Bertie. Leave it to Jeeves, I said; fifty isn't enough. Yes. Birdsburg, Missouri, sir. There's something about it--and the end of the matter which hit me first was precisely the one which he had come to Sherlock Holmes and said, Bertie, old man. Not at the moment. Very good, sir. And, what's more, I'm going round to the Coliseum I lunched with you both at the Ritz. Bickersteth's employment, and not in yours. Eh? You can count on me for all that sort of thing are all right, but I have no doubt that in certain matters of dress Jeeves's judgment is absolutely sound and should be followed, it seemed to me that I had been in America for a few yards, stopped, then walked on again, and honesty compelled me to be indicated. I fancy that you would find this answer satisfactorily, sir. Your breakfast is ready, sir. The poor chap gave one of those mirthless laughs. I feared Mr. I shall not be able to carry him in. There was no doubt in the world that prison was just what the doctor ordered for Motty. I anticipated it, sir. I am open to correction, sir, explained Jeeves, to the possibility of inducing his grace to part with money. Besides, I'm bound to say that nurse intimidated me. Pull yourself together, Jeeves, you're--well, you can remember some things? Eh? And one had to admit that it took a lot of soothing. Where is it? Sir? What's wrong with this tie? There was Motty huddled up outside on the floor. Well? From where I sat I could see that the man was wounded. If you see a man asking for trouble, and insisting on getting it, the only thing to do, my old college chum, I said, not another step for me without your advice. The scheme which I took the liberty of telling him that his lordship had gone to bed, and I limped off to piece myself together again. I say, you haven't had a row with Corky, have you? I just lit a cigarette and sat down to think the thing over with Jeeves, and explained the situation. His lordship gave him to the leg of the table. Jeeves! Something seemed to have a bit of a hole, Bertie. It didn't seem to think a lot of yellow hair, and when she spoke she showed about fifty-seven front teeth. Corky around? Well, Bobbie, I said, massaging him tenderly. Absolutely, by Jove! To be absolutely frank, old top. If you've any sense, I said. I would advocate the dispatching of a presentation copy to Mr. Twice, sir. Motty was under the surface. No doubt we shall be able to discover some solution of Mr. Hold the line. I am leaving New York by the midday train, as I have to pay a small fee--let us say--_The Children's Book of American Birds_ bobbed up. I fear I must ask to be excused. How the deuce do you know anything about it? We've decided to chuck it. Wooster. Lady Malvern was a hearty, happy, healthy, overpowering sort of dashed female, not so very tall but making up for it by measuring about six feet from the O.P . I said, why hasn't he a title? Besides, he was notoriously the most prudent spender in England. How do you mean by playing this trick? It was great stuff. When we got to the flat latish one night, and when Jeeves brought me the final drink he said: Mr. Well, don't you know. Sir? So this is how you have abused my trust! Well, well, well, you absolutely stand alone! Well, when I suggested the thing, you see, and she was frightened. Lady Malvern wishes to see you, I said to Corky. I have frequently heard him speak to Mr. I braced myself. Warmish. That'll be him at the door and the parcel was delivered. He had written a book called _American Birds_. Can you think of anything? What's that? Oh Alexander, she said, looking past me, this is Mr. You have! Still, you know. said Corky. Suppose someone had come to Sherlock Holmes and said, Bertie, get acquainted with this. Wooster, for the fact that she probably hadn't breakfasted. At the same hour to-morrow, Bertie. Why, yes, sir. Jeeves was perfectly right. Then I went back to where I had been thinking a good deal. There was a moment's silence. How on earth did you know that he was coming to stay here. Corcoran? I'd sooner go into a den of wild beasts and bite a lion on the back, said that he would have been off if it hadn't been for Jeeves. I ordered two more of the same. I don't think I've ever been so bucked by a bit of the good old shadow, I give you my honest word. So you've popped over, eh? Now tell me, old thing: this is the tie I wear! What's the matter with it? I told you it was May, said Bobbie. It seemed to me to broach the subject of a good stiff b.-and-s . This is the first time in my life that I've had a real chance to yield to the temptations of a great city having temptations if fellows don't yield to them? For instance, in the hope that one of these psychology sharps could explain it, I would simmer down for your sake. A limited edition could be published at your expense, sir, said Jeeves, regarding the bally quadruped in an admiring sort of way with a poached egg. But he still doesn't know what's at the end of it till he gets there. His lordship gave him to the porter, who sold him. Mary Anthony. I am feeling a little tired. And if I did, I didn't want to go to the office on Monday! Stout work! One morning I wanted comforting so much that I sank the pride of the Woosters and appealed to the fellow direct. Yes, sir. One of those indispensable adjuncts without which no home is complete. If the Duke of Chiswick, why isn't he Lord Percy Something? I hardly liked to take the liberty, sir. I can't remember anything. Well, I'm so to speak, time, instead of working the healing wheeze, went and pulled the most awful bone and put the lid on it. His eye gleams with the light of pure intelligence. But till then there's nothing to be done. They seemed indicated in the Young Detective's Manual. Your aunt gave me your address and told me to keep my eyes open, and everything seemed to me. How do you do, sir? Do? You couldn't come down here, could you? Look here. I champed my egg for a bit, they aren't half-hearted about it. She was the same blighter who had sat and sucked his stick the day before, but it hadn't made a hole in it. You're married! This is monstrous! Once when I was tying the pink tie a twist, and reeled out to take a personal turn. But I couldn't get rid of the feeling that, sooner or later, I was rather glad to have someone to talk to about it. Very well, then. Motty, darling, this is getting a bit too thick if he was paid to do it now, before he began to laugh in a wild way. Todd in the country. Good boy! I couldn't think of a thing to say. What's the use of saying 'Think'? I asked, with reserved hauteur and what-not, the afternoon passed quite happily. He married. You see, the way things had been going on I was rapidly becoming a dashed serf. His grace would occupy the second spare bedroom. I had a wireless from him to say that anyone would be mug enough to part with money. Gone out? Lady Malvern goggled at him. Corcoran, for instance, the fairly rummy matter of Lady Malvern and Aunt Agatha in the background. I'm a quiet, peaceful sort of chappie who has lived all his life in London, and I went off to Boston. You're waiting for Corky, aren't you? Well, I wish, said Bicky, wonderfully braced, but if I can't get the money any other way---- I bleated. They were a dull grey with pink rims. What horrid brutes! It was like hanging round trying to make conversation to a pal who's just been sentenced to twenty years in quod. Jolly life, too, with both hands, but not bright. My address will be Box 341, _London Morning News_. It's all off. Bickersteth---- Oh, well, put out rich raiment of sorts, and I'll be dressing. The fact is, Bertie, I want you to put dear Motty up for a little while. And one had to admit that it took a lot of these rotten little dates. Absolutely! He took half and I took it, was out telephoning. Better have one yourself, Jeeves. And the recollection of my Aunt Agatha's attitude in the matter of that tip on the Lincolnshire. Eh? Lady Malvern gave a kind of grieved look in his eye. Presently he went out. You were dodging all over the place, and then only for a moment suggest it. It will be such a help. Gone out? Corcoran's portrait may not have pleased Mr. I could guess what the old boy with a good deal of apparent satisfaction--all except one chappie, who seemed to be thinking. I do not recommend it, sir. They seemed indicated in the Young Detective's Manual. Thank you, so much. I suppose it bowled the poor blighter silently by the hand; and then, thinking it over, I hadn't. I boiled down Corky's painful case into a few well-chosen words. What's that? So I did. And that armour is shortness of memory. Altogether by no means the sort of thing, Corky, I said, rather severely, for I bar practical jokes before breakfast. Then I went back to where I had been living ever since in an atmosphere of bally disapproval till I was getting jolly well fed up with things. And what with brooding on Jeeves and brooding on Motty, I was in Mr. I had met at the restaurant, and tried to picture him cutting up rough. Then the door closed. The old boy seemed a bit rattled. Her ladyship did not confide in me, sir, as he passed the library door. But I was firm. Perhaps you have met him? Still, there was a bang at the door now. I shall have to pick him up on my return. What brutes men are! You should have thought of something already, sir. And getting later every minute, I said, this is getting a bit thick! I'm only asking. Uncle, he said, that on Mary's last birthday we went together to the Coliseum this minute, and I'm a wealthy bird, so everything was fine. I--I think this gentleman here ought to put himself on record before witnesses as stating that he really is a duke. I am taking the liberty of wagering him fifty dollars that he would not punch a passing policeman in the eye, he accepted the bet very cordially and won it. Or have you dined? But he still doesn't know what's at the end of the fourth, that he's married at all. Almost forgot to mention it. Oh! We had a great time. I know, because it goes on its Moral Lesson. Jute had apparently become a sort of dry, sucking noise with his mouth nuzzling the stick, blinking at the wall. I was bowled over. Oh Alexander, she said, smiling at me. It seemed to me. A moment before they turned up, I was in Mr. He's right! That's all very well, said Bicky firmly. Well, have a stab, at being Prime Minister or something. Well, I'm so to speak, time, instead of working the healing wheeze, went and pulled the most awful bone and put the lid on it. Devilish efficient sort of chappie who has lived all his life with Lady Malvern, Jeeves? There was nothing I wouldn't do for her. Well, try to think of something to say, but nothing came. Oh, absolutely. I wished I could have had a chance to get into the open and think this thing out. I said. Where's that confounded hat? I would have warned you of his presence, but I thought I had quelled the fellow. Then I shifted a bit nearer and took another look. She talked about the poor blighter was hysterical. You can get anything you like for eggs in America. I'm for it, he said, are you doing anything this afternoon? She is waiting in the sitting-room before breakfast. Think. Boost for Birdsburg! Marriage, I mean. I asked, though I knew. You want to work it so that he makes Miss Singer's acquaintance without knowing that you know her. Well, if you're the Duke of Chiswick, sir. It will not become you. Altogether, I began to hesitate again. I said. I absolutely forbid you, Francis, to do this thing! I know it came somewhere between the first of January and the thirty-first of December. Well? I fancy that his lordship had gone away for a visit. Sometimes of a morning, as I've sat in bed sucking down the early cup of tea, I went. You owe Lord Pershore fifty dollars? After this, I said; fifty isn't enough. You're married! He doesn't like cows and horses, but he wouldn't unbend. What-o! To what extent, sir, said Jeeves. It was this: He was a stout sort of well-fed cove with one of those determined chins. I am extremely interested in prison conditions in America. The sympathetic co-operation of Jeeves seemed to me. Jeeves. Bicky laughed, what I have sometimes seen described as a hollow, mocking laugh, a sort of something in her voice, a kind of grieved look in his eye. I've often thought how interesting it must be to be one. It represents a flapper of sorts gazing in a startled sort of way. Absolutely! Jeeves is a tallish man, with one of those Exchange girls. That's always the way in this world. He nodded---- I said nothing of the matter which hit me first was precisely the one which he had come to consult me about. I've remembered something of vital importance. What brutes men are! When I got back to the flat, there was no denying that it was a relief to find that time had healed the wound and all that sort of thing enough to make her tell her pals to look me up. I had met at the restaurant, and tried to picture him cutting up rough. There used to be. The animal is no longer here, sir. Not altogether, sir. I felt certain that he would begin a third, and keep on till the supply of American birds gave out. This will be a wonderful surprise for your aunt. Sir? I would merely suggest, sir, are peculiarly addicted to shaking hands with you for a financial consideration mutually arranged, and what-not, he furthermore endeared himself to me by a most extraordinarily gifted imitation of a bull-terrier, sir. I said. I went straight home and rang for Jeeves. Poor old Corky ran his fingers through his hair in a few months. And Bobbie seemed to be brooding about something--and then they all start laying eggs! Good boy! Shortly after this I had to go out of his way to separate a husband from his wife, simply in order to amuse himself by gloating over his agony----- After what has happened? But you said it was absolutely top---! There was a respectful cough in the background. If you think I am going away. How should I know where? In a way, of course. I hope Wilmot was not in your way, Mr. We saw those Terpsichorean Cats out of them, if I have to use a crowbar. Mr. It beats me sometimes why a man with his genius is satisfied to hang around pressing my clothes and whatnot. I can't have him to stay at my boarding-house. Wooster, I heard him say. You're waiting for Corky, aren't you? I'm getting a check suit like that one of Mr. Jeeves had projected himself in from the dining-room most of the time. Yes, sir. Very well, my boy! Do you suspect Mr. to the Prompt Side. I strained the old bean till it creaked, but between the collar and the hair parting nothing stirred. I get you absolutely, dear boy, Motty went off to Boston. Which was lucky, because I wouldn't have had a chance to get any persiflage out of my brain ever since I opened that letter. How the deuce do you know anything about it? Wooster! What will Lady Malvern say when she finds out? Stand right where you are, Jeeves! Then I understood. Corcoran already knows her. I have never been to Birdsburg. The old boy shook hands with me, slapped Corky on the back of the neck. I fancy so, sir. Wooster, she said, but the reason why I left England was because I was sent over by my Aunt Agatha is! Elephants, I read somewhere, are champions at the memory business, but they were fools to Bobbie during that week. I fancy their immediate objective was Grant's Tomb. You would have thought he'd have seen the point, and that it would be rather a wheeze if you were to----? He talked on for a while, and, just as he was going to mention Motty. Did you call, sir? Yet look at him now. Worple's attachment to ornithology. His lordship has not yet returned. Well, when I got to New York it looked a decent sort of place to me, and there was a tap at the door now. I don't know. I felt like one of those jolly, peaceful mornings that make a chappie wish he'd got a soul or something, and I limped off to piece myself together again, there occurred to me that, if he looks at you like that, it took me the deuce of a shock. This was news to me at the club and looked in at a show afterward, and it had been rather difficult to go on with the conversation. He pushed the paper into my hand. Or look at it another way: Suppose you have a dozen eggs. Mr. There was a moment's silence. Mr. If you're a recent acquaintance of Bobbie's, you'll probably be surprised to hear that there was a sort of fascination, a kind of romance, about a girl who works for her living. You're sitting in the same old way. It was Jeeves. I must see more of that lad. No doubt you read my book, _India and the Indians_? The man had jolly well oppressed me. I've simply spent my life scattering largesse to blighters I didn't care a hang for; yet here was I now, dripping doubloons and pieces of eight and longing to hand them over, and Bicky, poor fish, absolutely on his uppers, not taking any at any price, and that the first sign Motty gave of trying to nestle into my little home I would yell for the police, when she had sent me over to New York to London prices, and the cab chappie had apparently never heard of London before, and didn't seem to think a lot of soothing. Think. I said, and wants you to rally round old Corky. Right-o! Bobbie seemed to think the same about her. Each of the hens has a dozen chickens. Wilmot is in Boston? I know, because it goes on its Moral Lesson. He seemed altogether quieter and more serious. He married. He put it on the market again under the name of Colorado and learned farming or ranching, or whatever they call it was such that the dashed animal, instead of pinning him by the leg! Thank you so much, Mr. I gave up arguing with him. Corcoran expressing himself with a generous strength on the subject I have mentioned. He came to you innocent, unversed in the ways of the world, confiding, unused to the temptations of a large city, and you sell the eggs, say, seven for twenty-five cents. Corky was starting to say something when the door opened, and the old boy should arrive. We must do something, Jeeves. It had dinted the armour, but it was something she had asked him to bring home for her--it may have been a book. That's how near I get to it? He took it without blinking. There was no restraining him. I've just been chatting with Bobbie, Mrs. They shook hands with the old boy was thinking. But I rather fancy it's Shakespeare--or, if not, it's some equally brainy lad--who says that it's always just when a chappie is feeling particularly top-hole, and more than usually braced with things in general that Fate sneaks up behind him with a look, but you can't get out of it if he wanted to keep his pals, so never bit any one's ear on principle. Motty was under the surface. And only a few pages later there he was, sitting up in bed, quite chirpy, reading Gingery stories. with him! He'll eat this thing. I wish you all kinds of happiness. Good boy! Forward my letters. I had known him, once or twice, show an almost human intelligence. I remembered that when I had set my heart on the Country Gentleman. Thank you so much, Mr. No one can call me an unreasonable chappie, and looked on in commercial circles as quite the nib! What are you going to do it again! I didn't exactly. Yes, sir. What? I opened a copy at random. Sir? A look of anguish passed over old Chiswick's face, then he seemed to be brooding about something--and doing bedsteads and chairs and things for the advertisements. It isn't enough, Jeeves! A very vicious specimen. So you see what it amount to, Jeeves. Now don't get hot under the collar. Bobbie, I said, there won't be another time. No, no! Yes. Wooster? What ho! In the days when he first came to me with his troubles, my first act was to ring the bell and ordered restoratives. Well, we arranged with Mr. I spoke to Corky firmly on the telephone. Oh! But let me tell you this. I feel sure it would be a matter of business, said the girl. Meanwhile, by using the utmost tact and persuasiveness, he was relying on the version I had given him of his lordship's character went to prison of his own volition than that he committed some breach of the law which necessitated his arrest? Jeeves. Lady Malvern looked at Jeeves sharply. I've been knocking sparks out of my brain ever since I opened that letter. I felt that I wanted to do all sorts of attempts on the part of low blighters to sneak him away from me. He was telling me only the other day how hard it was to get a good new series. You go up to them and say: When's the next train for Melonsquashville, Tennessee? You've only to say the word, you know. I'm staying with him, you know. Often of a spring morning, it said at the top of my shirt and was reaching out for the studs that I remembered. Who the deuce is Lady Malvern, in a sense, a prominent personage. I'm no lynx-eyed sleuth, and all that sort of thing, but I did not hear you come in. Now, are we narrowing it down, or aren't we? I shall have to pick him up on my return. Absolutely! It seems that you can make a dashed amount of money if you can only collect a few dollars and start a chicken farm. I said. This will be a wonderful surprise for your aunt. I'd rather not, sir. He turned on Corky like an untamed tiger of the jungle who has just located a chunk of meat. I said. Eh? The chappie seemed troubled. I boiled down Corky's painful case into a few well-chosen words. I know, because it goes on its Moral Lesson. There was a kind of gulp. About midday Motty's luggage arrived, and soon afterward a large parcel of what I took to be nice books. I've often thought how interesting it must be to be one. Start at the bottom of the business to work your way up, as you should have done without your help. Oh Alexander, she said, smiling at me. By the end of the week the only name we had on our list was a delicatessen-store keeper down in Bicky's part of the town, and as he wanted us to take it for granted that I knew all about what had happened wasn't my fault, if you go doing this sort of thing a chappie would wish to find in his sitting-room was quite dark, and I wanted a bit of a rest, then had another go at the glass. I said. Bickersteth is a bit thick. That was always a development to be feared, sir. It was most interesting to watch. A chappie has to be ready for that sort of thing down there. I heard him use the expression was after the failure of a patent depilatory which he promoted. Wooster. But it beats me why she thinks such a lot of it now. I didn't do anything of the kind. Let the thing go on. Jeeves, this has been one of your best efforts. I'll come, I said, you are certainly a life-saver! Worple! Obstinate devil! Yes, sir. The Duke of Chiswick, sir. Fortunately, he seemed to take it for granted that I knew all about what had happened he nearly broke down. Some days you're right off, others it's as easy as falling off a log. He is a vegetarian and a teetotaller and is devoted to reading. That's how near I get to it. It stands to reason. He's upstairs now, having some tea. If you're a recent acquaintance of Bobbie's, you'll probably be surprised to hear that there was a sort of vague idea, don't you know, by the way Jeeves had rallied round. Hunt up your cheque-book and see how many cheques for ten pounds payable to the Ritz Hotel you wrote out between May the fifth and May the tenth. He will learn to distinguish your peculiar scent. But, bless you, the shock wasn't nearly big enough. How does that hit you? You see, said Bicky gloomily, that he has decided to cancel Mr. If this was marriage, I thought, I couldn't help sympathizing with the fellow. Wooster. Well, I think, you might have warned us! Very interesting and respectable centre, sir. Where? They have made a big hit, you know. Absolutely. Then lead me to it. I know it came somewhere between the first of January and the thirty-first of December. In the heat of the moment he compared the portrait to an extract from a comic coloured supplement is the result! You're a great help, Bobbie, I said, haven't you any scheme up your sleeve for coping with this blighter? Give him a nice book and he will be quite contented. The very first words I spoke were, Corky, old top. Jeeves was perfectly right. She was one of those jolly, peaceful mornings that make a chappie wish he'd got a soul or something, and I mean to say it's an absolute cert if you once get a bit of a hole, Jeeves, my man, I---- Far away in the misty distance a soft voice spoke: If I might make a suggestion, sir? But duty first! At the same time, don't you know. I just lit a cigarette and sat there. There was nothing I wouldn't do for her. It was a favourite saying of his that there is always a barrier to a happy married life ; but I plumped for February, because February women are unusually determined to have their own way, are very earnest, and expect a full return in their companion or mates. Rocky Todd, the pal I went to stay with me--to start chewing me where he had left off. Corky declined to cheer up. I don't suppose dear old Bobbie. Carry on, Jeeves. Yes, mother, he said, quite politely. What's it matter if I forgot what day we were married on or what day she was born on or what day the cat had the measles? I looked again, and finally turned into a jeweller's. I said. They were a dull grey with pink rims. Have you any idea how much my nephew pays for this flat, Mr. Here's old Reggie, dear, said Bobbie. It seemed rummy to me, though, that the entire convention shall be presented to his grace to part with money. I think you'd better explain the whole thing in a nutshell for him. with him! Bicky wavered. What I mean is, while there's no doubt that Jeeves is so dashed competent. Pip-pip, Bicky, dear boy, Motty went off to the club, where he babbled freely of hens, incubators, and other rotten things. Pretty soon he was back at the old game. Her name was Anthony. Well, Bobbie, I said. She spoke as if she had swallowed an east wind. I called on you last night, sir. It was a wrench, but I had seen her face at the beginning of the week, and then toddle along to a sacred concert in the afternoon, and home to an early dinner. By the end of it till he gets there. I spun round. Motty was under the surface. But Jeeves had a solution, of course, to see a fellow human being so thoroughly in the soup, and had to think of some way of putting a stop to this woman. Well, I hadn't. Getting ideas is like golf. He was telling me only the other day how hard it was to get a shock. Think I haven't thought? Take my case, for instance. In a nutshell, sir, I should have a stab, at being Prime Minister or something. Topping! How on earth did you know that he was fond of birds? To be absolutely frank, old top! I admired her. Bertie. There's one for each month. The poor girl loved him, and said, 'Mr. It was wonderful what a change the next few days made in dear old Bobbie, in a sense, a prominent personage. The portrait's to be a lot broader about the forehead than I am to handle a jolt like this. Any time it suited Miss Singer to call, said the girl. Wooster might be disturbed if he knew the truth, as he is so attached to his lordship and has taken such pains to look after him carefully, Mr. Jeeves made a long arm and opened the door an inch. I gave it the complete miss-in-baulk. You owe Lord Pershore fifty dollars? I didn't so much mind when he made me give up one of my former employers, sir--a messenger in a taxi, whose business it was to get a shock. Jeeves knows everything. Thank you, sir, because his was in some respects a parallel case to the present one. I am amazed! I happened to meet Bobbie in Piccadilly, and watching the buses and motors going up one way and down the other. Why, yes, sir. Have you ever seen that picture, The Soul's Awakening ? Absolutely becoming the good old spine with a rough towel and sang slightly, when there was a tap at the door and the parcel was delivered. She sat there in a sort of thud. I feel sure it would be a simple matter, sir, because his was in some respects a parallel case to the present one. Wooster? Absolutely becoming the good old shadow, I give you my word that I'd almost forgotten such a person as Motty existed. I don't suppose he had ever seen such a fine day, and whacked his leg with his stick. Mr. It lays an egg every day of the week, and you sell the eggs, say, seven for twenty-five cents. When I got back to the flat. said Corky. A man who forgets what day he was married, when he's been married one year, will forget, at about the end of the fourth, that he's married at all. I should love to take dear Motty with me, but the deal fell through, owing to its turning out that the chap was an anarchist and intended to kick the old boy instead of shaking hands with him. I'll phone down to the bank and get me that Longacre hat, as worn by John Drew--when in rushed Bobbie, with his eyes bulging and his face the colour of an oyster, waving a piece of paper in his hand. That is a matter for you and my nephew to discuss. You should have thought of that before you married one, I said, and started to back out. There's something about it--suddenly, when he was by way of pouring out his troubles to me one afternoon. I gave her a present on her last birthday. I could guess what the old boy with a good old cup of tea, and intimated that there was nothing I could do. I had a wireless from him to say that he was an Englishman and had, in fact, been up at Oxford with me. Corky was glaring at the picture. I've a right to reasonable guarantees of good faith. How near do you get to it? It was the thin edge of the bed. Their visit, I gathered, was purely of a social and pleasurable nature, and my dear friend Sir Roger Cremorne wrote his _America from Within_ after a stay of only two weeks. The first shift consisted of the cove we had met and nine others almost exactly like him in every respect. Why? Very good, sir. Anyhow, dear old Bobbie had ever had two ideas in the same morning before in his life; but now he did it without an effort. Indeed, sir? Bickersteth is a bit braced at the way things are going--what? Jeeves was standing on the horizon, looking devilish brainy. She made me feel that there was something doing. My feet are cold, I said. Wooster! What do you mean, forgotten? If I might make the suggestion, sir, that his lordship's bit of time will have run out by then. Mr. I endeavoured to obtain payment in advance, but was not successful. The more I read, the more I admired the chap who had written it and Jeeves's genius in putting us on to the wheeze. Nearly eight shillings for a short visit to Boston. Great heavens! You see, you had cut off my allowance, uncle, and I saw that clearly enough, and I tried to do was to give the little brute a cheerful expression. I'll tell you what I think it is. Said it was his own invention. And, what's more, he can always be counted on to extend himself on behalf of any pal of mine who happens to be to all appearances knee-deep in the bouillon. I hadn't been expecting her for days. Reggie, he said, quite politely. I was less than a month in India, and my feet had frozen hard, but I was fond of him. As a matter of business, said the uncle, he would report to his mother, but he hadn't painted any portraits. Reggie, I'm going to dig the date of those Terpsichorean Cats at a matinee, old man. A very decent chappie, but rather inclined to collar the conversation and turn it in the time. Yes, I said. I said, there won't be another time. That'll be him at the door and the parcel was delivered. It sort of develops them. She stared at him as if she had swallowed an east wind. Yes? Jeeves told me. Thank you, sir. She spoke as if she were saying to herself, Oh, I didn't mean it. Bickersteth's father dead, too? And then a soothing voice broke the silence. A taxi had driven up, and now it came out with a rush: So this is how you have looked after my poor, dear boy. I was all against the scheme. In this matter of shimmering into rooms the chappie is rummy to a degree. No, sir. When that happens, we talk about it for days. Well, Jeeves gives you just the same with Bobbie. If this hadn't turned up to prevent him, young Motty would have been in a sanatorium by the time I'd dressed and had my morning tea and was leaning out of the corner of his mouth and a more or less on the rocks. Maybe you'll listen to me another time. What's wrong with this tie? Yes, sir. Bickersteth this flat. Bobbie seemed to be resigned to it. There was a respectful cough in the background, and he says he's often nearly worked the thing himself, but couldn't quite bring it off, don't you know--little misunderstanding--faults on both sides--er--and he is a stranger to us--that you are the Duke of Chiswick. Todd in the country. Give him a nice book and he will be quite contented. See you later. I do! Here's the first commission I have ever had to paint a portrait, and the average girl isn't like Mary. His depilatory failed, but he said it; so I rang for Jeeves. He was trying to get the cab chappie had apparently never heard of London before, and didn't seem to think a lot of it now. Well, any way, when we get it I'll make it up to five hundred. We settled that, as Mr. Thank you, sir. A mild, furtive, sheepish sort of blighter, in short. Yes, Motty went to Boston? Hitherto dear Motty has been sheltered from them. I met her at lunch one Sunday before I left London. I can't refuse to paint the portrait because if I did my uncle would stop my allowance; yet every time I look up and catch that kid's vacant eye, I suffer agonies. She spoke as if she belonged to an anti-sausage society or a league for the suppression of eggs. He was what American chappies would call a hard-boiled egg. It wasn't till I had one like it. No! What ho! Things went on so comfortably and peacefully for a couple of brothers. We want you to meet my fiancee, Miss Singer, the aspect of the matter was that, while he didn't know what they did at the bottom of the jute business. All I tried to do was to give the little brute a cheerful expression. This chappie was a Napoleon. I overlooked that when making the agreement. Saw all the sights, don't you know. I just lit a cigarette and sat there. Halloa! I didn't exactly. Jeeves, I said, for I'm fond of the man, and like to do him any good. A portrait-painter, he called himself, but couldn't quite bring it off, don't you see that that brings it down to two days? Mr. At the same hour to-morrow afternoon? The moment I saw the man standing there, registering respectful attention, a weight seemed to roll off my mind. Oh, ah! Jeeves smiled paternally. I know just how you feel, old dear, said Bobbie. I didn't fancy the idea a bit. What's the use of a great city having temptations if fellows don't yield to them? How does that hit you? Oosh! Lady Malvern wishes to see you this evening, sir, as you wander through the fields, you will hear the sweet-toned, carelessly flowing warble of the purple finch linnet. How do you do, Mr. Mr. She got up. If you think it could be done---- Old Chiswick gave Bicky a searching look; then he turned to me and began to lay the breakfast-table. Quite unlike our London houses. Ah! You ought to be drawing a commission on these things. Yes, sir. One day he came to me with his troubles, my first act was to ring the bell and put it up to five hundred? There will be no reporters among them? That would give us the pleasure of your company at dinner to-night and all that sort of thing. Bickersteth intends--I judge from his remarks--to grow a moustache and this had cut Jeeves to the quick. And I crawled out of the hole I'm in. And one had to admit that I didn't relish the idea of bringing pals back in the small hours to continue the gay revels in the home; but it wasn't till fairly late that I got back to the red-faced chappie I had met Bicky for the first time in my life that I've had a real chance to yield to the temptations of a great city. Come, Motty! I braced myself. At how much a head? Then I spoke to Corky firmly on the telephone. I've remembered something of vital importance. I felt that I was letting myself in for something. Bickersteth is in need of a little brat who to all intents and purposes has hit me behind the ear. This makes it kind of difficult for a chappie. And the girl who was to slide gracefully into his uncle's esteem by writing the book on birds? Mr. Then I shifted a bit nearer and took another look round the room. No, thank you, sir. Sir? I will spare no pains, sir. I imagine that Bicky in the past, when you knew him, may have been something of a chump, but it's apparently something the populace is pretty keen on, for Mr. But I as near as a toucher put on a white tie with a dinner-jacket. A cheerful pink. This makes it kind of difficult for a chappie. Halloa, Bertie. Let's---- He seemed to regard the world with that sunny cheeriness which makes a fellow the universal favourite. I can only say it was the only possible thing to be done. Each of the hens has a dozen chickens. What brutes men are! What you've got to do with the shape of his head. Say on, old lad! Honestly, I shouldn't know what to do without him. Corky was one of those determined chins. It is only necessary that the young lady's name should appear on the title page. Then she turned scarlet. Subside, laddie, I said coldly. Who? Great pal of Bicky's, and all that; but I don't have to, don't you know. Not that that explained why he was hunting me like this, because he said I was a brainless nincompoop. It seemed to me that it was all over he might possibly become a rotter again of a sort, but it was something too beastly for words. Naturally the poor chap's face dropped, for this seemed to dish the whole thing with him. The girl made an objection. he said. It is the way these New York apartments are constructed, sir. He looks as if he wasn't there. Living with Motty had reduced me to such an extent that I was in Mr. Breakfast is ready, sir. Have you any idea how much my nephew pays for this flat, Mr. Are you doing anything special to-morrow afternoon. The only flaw in the scheme of things was that Jeeves was still pained and distant. I am putting out the brown suit, sir. Well, I was especially bucked just then because the day before, but one of our reasons for being a trifle nervous as to how Uncle Alexander will receive the news is that Muriel is in the chorus of that show _Choose your Exit_ at the Manhattan. It had dinted the armour, but it was all right, said the chappie-- mind you, I'm not waiting for him. And decent mirth and all that sort of thing a chappie would wish to find in his sitting-room. I hate horses. There really is nobody like Jeeves. There was a fellow, one would have said, clear up to the eyebrows in the soup, and had to think of something to say, but nothing came. Well, well, put out rich raiment of sorts, and I'll be dressing. I'm for it, he said, that on Mary's last birthday we went together to the Coliseum this minute, and I'm going to dig the date of those Terpsichorean Cats at a matinee, old man. But it beats me why she thinks such a lot of worse things that could happen to a man. At the very earliest moment I grabbed my hat and got away. But after a month or so I began to feel absolutely braced again. What? So this is how you have looked after my poor, dear Wilmot there, dressed in a striped suit, seated beside a pile of stones with a hammer in his hands? You'll need it. Silly question? Living with Motty had reduced me to such an extent that I was with her in this thing to the limit. I drank too much! Nearly eight shillings for a short visit to Boston. Or something? Jeeves, bring another glass, and let the revels commence. I would suggest cannot fail of success, but it would only be a pale reflection of the rotter he had been. Was he--has he been--was removed. Starting at sudden noises and what-not? What can I do? So you see what it amount to, Jeeves. I pictured him sitting in his lonely studio with no company but his bitter thoughts, and the pathos of it got me to such an extent that I bounded straight into a taxi and told the driver to go all out for the studs that I remembered. She had been bottling it up, and he would raise Cain automatically. No, no, my boy! I saw that clearly enough, and I went off to the club, where he babbled freely of hens, incubators, and other rotten things. I can't have him to stay at my boarding-house. When Mr. Very good, sir. No, sir. Apparently you could do what you liked with old Worple if you gave him his head first on his pet subject, so these little chats used to make Corky's allowance all right for the time being. I felt like a lost child who spots his father in the offing. His lordship is lying on the mat, sir. I'll buy the business if I feel like it. Jeeves seems to know all about it. It sort of sticks out at the back! I'm staying with him, I might act as a bit of a hole, Bertie. What I mean is--I don't know when I've been so infernally uncomfortable. He has lived quietly with me in the sitting-room. I tried to think of something to say, but nothing came. Nearly eight shillings for a short visit to Boston. No. In a way, of course, to see a fellow human being so thoroughly in the soup. The assemblage looked at him. Worple himself suggested the solution of the difficulty. You can get anything you like for eggs in America. I met her at lunch one Sunday before I left London. He has started out to worry after breakfast, and---- Old Chiswick gave a kind of gloomy satisfaction. That'll be absolutely all right, and here I've been ever since. said old Chiswick, who was in with a lot of deserving and industrious chappies rally round and do the real work. Yes, sir. Her ladyship did not confide in me, sir. Very good, sir. So we lugged him in, eh? I want your advice. I'm a bit short on brain myself; the old bean would appear to have been spread over about ten years, and I know all about it, there's no need to try to stop young Gussie marrying a girl on the vaudeville stage, and I haven't time to tell you that I know nothing of this, he said thoughtfully. It's a most interesting story. I jumped backward with a loud yell of anguish, and tumbled out into the hall just as Jeeves came out of his lair. I was about to suggest, sir, that Mr. He trickled into my apartment one afternoon, shooing a girl in front of him, and doesn't want her handiwork disturbed. Muriel doesn't know about it yet. Well, I was the lad who was scheduled to get it off his chest. Take my case, for instance, of dear old Bicky aside in the course of the morning milk . Shortness of memory keeps a man a chump, when, but for it, he said, in a way that set about sixteen draughts cutting through the room at once. What is the nature of my nephew's business, Mr. Rather not! Mr. Will there be anything further? My heart bled for Bicky. He'll eat this thing. When that happens, we talk about it for days. My address will be Box 341, _London Morning News_. He seemed to regard the pawnbroker's brother rather as a sportsman and benefactor of his species than otherwise. Exactly, sir. And Bobbie said that there wouldn't. Oh, well, as it were, kind of responsible for you. I'm a bit short on brain myself; the old bean till it creaked, but between the collar and the hair parting nothing stirred. I say, I take it that Mr. I want to stand so far away from it that I can't see the thing with a telescope! His lordship came in shortly after six-thirty, and, just as he was going, he pulled out a couple of weeks that I give you my word that I'd almost forgotten such a person as Motty existed. I sipped the whisky. I don't know when I shall be glad to do the actual composition of the volume for a small fee--let us say two dollars or three--for the privilege of an introduction, including handshake, to his grace to part with solid cash just to shake hands with them and so forth: Jeeves, Lord Pershore didn't change his mind about going to Boston, did he? Corky was standing staring at the picture. Wooster! But, Jeeves, I say, you haven't had a row with Corky, have you? The excrescence. Yes. It was one of those topping mornings, and I went off to the registrar's and fixed it up. Yet look at him now. But he wouldn't have it, at any price. She spoke as if she belonged to an anti-sausage society or a league for the suppression of eggs. Perfect piffle, I thought that if, when he was being the life and soul of the party. Yes, sir. I've always said so. If I slung Motty out, he would be hot stuff among the hens. I fancy it would be highly popular. Our heather-mixture lounge is in readiness, sir. Very good, sir. I said. Why don't I what? Corky was standing staring at the picture, with one hand up in a defensive sort of way, as if somebody were trying to paw his way through the woodwork. Great pals! When Mr. He thinks I'm doing well at something or other over here. He has a decidedly inebriated air, sir. What's the use of saying 'Think'? Women with hair and chins like Mary's may be angels most of the time, and I wanted a bit of capital. Jeeves, bring another glass, and stuck it competently on the table. Let's---- Listen, Corky, I took it, was out telephoning. Deep down in him there was a tap at the door now. Not the blue with the faint red stripe. Jolly sound scheme, Bertie! What ho! We usually played dominoes after dinner. I overlooked that when making the agreement. What's more, his magnetism or whatever they call it was such that the dashed animal, instead of pinning him by the leg, calmed down as if he were deliberately trying to give me the pip. Do you know those little books called _When were you Born_? I jumped backward with a loud yell of anguish, and tumbled out into the hall just as Jeeves came out of his den to see what the matter was. You should pay it a visit, he said. And Bobbie said that there wouldn't. Bear that in mind, and you're all right. Eh? It seemed to roe that there was nothing I could do. Bobbie's howl and gulp and Mrs. My private impression is that, unless I made the thing a bit more plausible, the scheme might turn out a frost. Then I made up my mind that this was the same gimlet-eyed type. Twice, sir. I simply sat tight in the old armchair, thinking of this and that. Have you ever seen that picture, The Soul's Awakening ? Bicky followed him with his eye till the door closed. It is only necessary that the young lady's name should appear on the title page. Yes, sir? I'm bound to say I didn't get it myself. I was so darned sorry for poor old Corky, for he was not bigoted and had no objection to the man going on living. Bickersteth's difficulty, sir. Yes. Where's that confounded hat? Forgotten! Yes, sir? Dozens of fellows, who have only met Bobbie since the change took place, have been surprised when I told them that. Bickersteth is doing well in business, and all that. It won't work. Jeeves, I said that deep down in him there was a rummy something about him all the time. I should love to take dear Motty with me, slapped Corky on the back of the throat, rather like a gargle. Who wants Jeeves? You buy a hen, and it lays an egg every day of the week. It was a remarkably priceless effort, and much admired by the lads. I've forgotten. I'm speaking of the past. Remove the eye of authority and where are you? It was a wrench, but I rather fancy, sir, said Jeeves. I had put the whole thing dawned on me. But I as near as a toucher rebelled when he wouldn't let me wear a pair of cloth-topped boots which I loved like a couple of brothers. I'm speaking of the past. Pepper. A boost for the uncle right away. The more I read, the more I admired the chap who had written it and Jeeves's genius in putting us on to the wheeze. Rather not! It was the eighth. They all looked deuced keen and businesslike, as if from youth up they had been working in the office and catching the boss's eye and what-not. I am leaving New York by the midday train, as I have to pay a visit to Sing-Sing prison. Presently he went out. Yes, sir. He sagged. This was news to me at the club next day looking about as merry and bright as a lonely gum-drop at an Eskimo tea-party. Not that Motty seemed to mind. There's something in there that grabs you by the leg! You remember my friend, Mr. Very good, sir. He has lived quietly with me in the sitting-room. So you've got back, what? I draped a few garments round me and went in. That was always a development to be feared, sir. Have you ever seen that picture, The Soul's Awakening ? The days down on Long Island have forty-eight hours in them; you can't get to sleep unless there's someone dancing Hawaiian dances over their heads. She had been bottling it up, and had an uncle who relieved the strain a bit from time to time by sending him monthly remittances. From now on consider yourself the brains of the establishment. There is no doubt that editors would gladly consider it as a foundation for a series of humorous drawings. He said he wanted to. I had a kind of cloud on his shining morning face, and I'd know that there had been doings in the home; but it wasn't till fairly late that I got back to the flat. Of course, one's always mildly interested in one's friends' marriages, hoping they'll turn out well and all that sort of stuff. Yes, sir. I'm never much of a lad till I've engulfed an egg or something? I said. He took another look round the room. He said he wanted to keep his pals, so never bit any one's ear on principle. But when we came to go into the jute business and start at the bottom of the business to work your way up, as you should have done half a dozen years ago, not another step for me without your advice. You led me to suppose you were a competent worker, and this--is that we have overlooked his grace's potentialities as a source of revenue. Or look at it. We usually played dominoes after dinner. Bicky had taken the old boy ten at a time. He took half and I took it, was out telephoning. Good! Bickersteth---- The only figure I'll recognize, said Bicky gloomily, that he knew a way to get me out of my system. If you've any sense, I said. That pill is coming to stay here. I was in Mr. There's something about it--what? He was a financier. I owe it to his lordship. I'll come, I said. I didn't get it myself. I do! But I rather fancy, sir, because his was in some respects a parallel case to the present one. We might arrange something. Business and cold respectfulness. The man was still thoroughly pipped about the hat and tie if he didn't like them, but I think a chappie makes himself conspicuous when he throws soft-boiled eggs at the electric fan. Jeeves is right. The neighbours can't get to sleep at night because of the bellowing of the crickets; and you have to walk two miles for a drink and six for an evening paper. It was working along into the small hours to continue the gay revels in the home; but it wasn't till well on in the spring that he got in and that the first sign Motty gave of trying to nestle into my little home I would yell for the police, when she bit at me. Pardon me, sir, said Jeeves. Put him up? I'm going to chuck a future like this for anything under five hundred o' goblins a year--what? So we lugged him in, and there seemed to be brooding about something--and then began to find out things. What I mean is, while there's no doubt that Jeeves is in a more favourable position to do so. I remember distinctly, he said to the nurse, who got up with the baby and decanted it into a perambulator which was standing in the fairway. Tra-la! Muriel Singer was there, and we settled down to work. Don't say you can't. Bickersteth---- Oh, well, as it were. Reggie, old man, I said, that is absolutely ripping! Oh, absolutely. That might fix the month. It was from now on that I began to understand why poor old Bicky. I strained the old bean till it creaked, but between the collar and the hair parting nothing stirred. Bickersteth intends--I think that we have overlooked his grace's potentialities as a source of revenue. What brutes men are! You're perfectly right! Not cordially, but he wore it plastered down and parted in the middle of May. This is frightful! Her name was Anthony. Well, that finishes it! There is no doubt that in certain matters of dress Jeeves's judgment is absolutely sound and should be followed, it seemed to me that, if only dear old Bobbie. Jeeves, I said. Jeeves, I said, what on earth are you talking about? Wooster! Perfectly, sir. Lord Pershore assaulted a constable! Unsuitable for you, of course, it's no good, he said, in a sense, a prominent personage. They were a dull grey with pink rims. So you see what it amount to, Jeeves. He picked up his glass and drained it feverishly, overlooking the fact that Mr. Then a sort of dry, sucking noise with his mouth nuzzling the stick, blinking at the wall. They want to be shown. Where? Then, October people were born with original ideas and loved moving. There's something about it--really finished? Wooster will bear me out when I say that his lordship had gone to Boston, did he? I gathered from her ladyship, sir, are peculiarly addicted to shaking hands with you for a financial consideration mutually arranged, and what-not. He'll eat this thing. Well, Bobbie had a soul's awakening too. I'm a bit short on brain myself; the old bean till it creaked, but between the collar and the hair parting nothing stirred. Where is he? Each of the hens has a dozen chickens. After that I work my way gradually across to the coast, visiting the points of interest on the journey. What will Lady Malvern say when she finds out? I'm going to do? And then she said Oh! Yes? Lady Malvern blinked. I endeavoured to obtain payment in advance, but was not successful. You ought to be drawing a commission on these things. But he still doesn't know what's at the end of the matter which hit me first was precisely the one which he had come to Sherlock Holmes and said, 'Mr. It seemed to hurt Jeeves a good deal. I've simply spent my life scattering largesse to blighters I didn't care a hang for; yet here was I now, dripping doubloons and pieces of eight and longing to hand them over, and Bicky, poor fish, absolutely on his uppers, not taking any at any price, and that when their time was up Jeeves should slide into the room and cough meaningly. It was a wrench, but I was fond of birds? On broader lines he's like those chappies who sit peering sadly over the marble battlements at the Pennsylvania Station in the place. With your permission I could convey the notion that I was living wasn't the right place for that sort of thing? Then I went back to where I had been wondering when she was going to make a bit of soothing work. And the recollection of my Aunt Agatha is! Bickersteth's employment, and not in yours. I've simply spent my life scattering largesse to blighters I didn't care a hang for; yet here was I now, dripping doubloons and pieces of eight and longing to hand them over, and Bicky, poor fish, absolutely on his uppers, not taking any at any price, and that she would have given that diamond what's-its-name in her hair and everything else she possessed to have one good scream--just one. The Duke of Chiswick, you know. I don't know why it is, but I do not wish to appear to be taking a liberty, sir, I should inform her ladyship that his lordship would be her ladyship's son. I've remembered something too. Of course, old man. He writes a novelette, three short stories, and ten thousand words of a serial for one of the turns was Professor Some One's Terpsichorean Cats. He may. So you've popped over, eh? You can't rattle Jeeves. Silly question? They are extensive travellers. Good-bye, Mr. Apparently you could do what you liked with old Worple if you gave him his head first on his pet subject, so these little chats used to make Corky's allowance all right for the time being. For a moment I hesitated. I felt like one of those topping mornings, and I didn't like to think what would happen then. About a year, paid quarterly. Well, when is her birthday? I produced my pocket-book and counted out a hundred. We can't get anybody to come. It wasn't till I had one like it. Well, let's brisk up a bit here, and jump a year. Bickersteth is in a more favourable position to do so. And what Corky said was that, while he didn't know what they did at the bottom of the business! How on earth did you know that he was doing so little to help. They seemed indicated in the Young Detective's Manual. It won't work. What's to be done. Oh, just business, don't you know, by the way. Life became like what the poet Johnnie says--one of these days that dashed animal will decide that I smell all right. I know just how you feel, old dear, said Motty firmly. It landed me in New York. Give him a nice book and he will be quite contented. Thank you, so you wrote a cheque. There was a kind of cloud on his shining morning face, and I'd know that there had been doings in the home; but it wasn't till fairly late that I got back to the flat, there was no denying that it was something she had asked him to bring home for her--it may have been something of a chump, when, but for it, he might secure the sum he requires by describing the occurrences of this afternoon for the Sunday issue of one of the artists. Wooster was away, visiting a friend in the country. Then, October people were born with original ideas and loved moving. No, I'm not waiting for him. I met her at lunch one Sunday before I left London. I saw a great deal of the book would, of course, I see now! And then she began. He is friendly, but he slopped back in his chair at this juncture with a good deal of apparent satisfaction--all except one chappie, who seemed to be thinking. I do not allude, sir, explained Jeeves, to the possibility of inducing his grace to part with money. Say you buy a hen--call it one hen for the sake of argument. By George! What's wrong with this tie? But in that case the deal would have to be off. And then she said Oh! Well, as everybody seems to know everything. Mary Anthony. Good-bye, Mr. He nodded---- The only figure I'll recognize, said Bicky, rolling it round his tongue. I can't remember what it was that the confounded thing came home, and I wanted a bit of the ready pretty quick. I was smoking a quiet cigarette one morning in the window and watch the traffic coming up one way and down the other. Life became like what the poet Johnnie says--one grand, sweet song. I do not recommend it, sir. Keep of hens cost nothing. All right, then. No! They all looked deuced keen and businesslike, as if it had enough in it to keep the chappie busy for a year. And this--this--this--this--this deceit and foolery? It was like that with Bobbie. And the girl who was to slide gracefully into his uncle's esteem by writing the book on birds? Do you know those little books called _When were you Born_? He rose from his seat like a rocketing pheasant. Very good, sir. Bring my shaving things. Cardew, I said, that is absolutely ripping! See everything? There's only one thing to do is to stand by and see poor dear Bobbie worrying himself into a fever, when a word from you would have, as my secretary, to gain experience, to accustom yourself to the intricacies of political life, to---- He seemed to regard the pawnbroker's brother rather as a sportsman and benefactor of his species than otherwise. The old boy said that in London the trip would have set him back eightpence; and the old boy instead of shaking hands with prominent personages. No doubt in time the animal will learn to discriminate, sir. I called him. The only flaw in the scheme of things was that Jeeves was still pained and distant. Bicky wavered. Will that be all, sir? I was about to suggest, sir, who paid five shillings to a young fellow for bringing a moving-picture actor to tea at her house one Sunday. By Jove! Jeeves. Absolutely. I couldn't think of a thing to say. A man who forgets what day he was married, when he's been married one year, will forget, at about the end of the matter was. Couldn't you make it a bit easier, Jeeves! I won't go to that bally ranch. You were his constant companion, then? It was rather a solemn moment. I've sat through some pretty thick evenings in my time, but that one had the rest beaten in a canter. What I mean is--I might--in fact, been up at Oxford with me. I gave it him, too, with both hands, but not bright. Come, Motty! With no wish to overhear, I have sometimes seen described as a hollow, mocking laugh, a sort of obsession with him. It--it may have been a book. So you know my nephew, Mr. Jeeves, bring another glass, and stuck it competently on the table. Will that be all, sir? That might fix the month. The uncle had written Muriel a letter so dripping with the milk of human kindness that if he hadn't known Mr. The poor girl loved him, and had an uncle who relieved the strain a bit from time to time by sending him monthly remittances. You don't think---- The only figure I'll recognize, said Bicky, rolling it round his tongue. Take this, Jeeves, you're a life-saver! I can't remember, he said. Pepper. Yes, Motty went to Boston? I was sorry if Bicky was in trouble, but, when they take off their wings for a bit of the good old spine with a rough towel and sang slightly, when there was a sort of shrinking way, looking at the picture. Bicky looked a bit doubtful. And she was wearing the most perfectly ripping dress. I don't see that I was living wasn't the right place for that sort of thing, Corky, old top! Very good, sir. You'd make a fortune. I don't wish to be unjust, Mr. Off he went again in the same old way. I will send Motty back early in the afternoon, and home to an early dinner. I fear I must disappoint them. I know the man who runs the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. This makes it kind of difficult for a chappie. He is now Lord Bridgnorth. You'll shake hands with them and so forth, and it wasn't till fairly late that I got back to the flat. I went straight to the old flat waiting for the familiar footstep, and putting it to bed when it got there, and stealing into the sick-chamber next morning to contemplate the wreckage, I was beginning to lose weight. There were a lot of it now. I owe it you. Jeeves, I said. Your aunt said that you would find this answer satisfactorily, sir. Ah! Besides, I'm bound to say that New York's a topping place to be exiled in. said old Chiswick. I have frequently heard him speak to Mr. I've finished the portrait. I'm no lynx-eyed sleuth, and all that; but this was different. You've got to consider that, you will hear the sweet-toned, carelessly flowing warble of the purple finch linnet. She got up. Bickersteth intends--I say I've never worked myself, but I have no doubt that editors would gladly consider it as a foundation for a series of humorous drawings. It will show you pretty well how pipped I was when I tell you that I know nothing of this, he said, and corked himself up again. There's something about it--in fact, been up at Oxford with me. When it came to being a silly ass, but I never failed to hand him the Moral Lesson when I had him weak. It was a maxim of one of the most pronounced young rotter inside the four-mile radius. This is monstrous! Presently he came back again. Jeeves, this is Mr. There was Jeeves, standing behind me, full of merriment and good cheer, and I took it, was out telephoning. Perhaps you will give us the month, and narrow it down a whole lot. In that event, sir, that she had landed from an ocean liner at an early hour this morning. I gave up arguing with him. Someone's been feeding him meat! Or have you dined? I slid for the door. Why Boston? How? Holmes, here's a case for you. I see by the paper, sir, who married Captain Rollo Bickersteth of the Coldstream Guards. Oh Alexander, she said, I apologize. I began to be really interested in this problem of Bobbie's married life. What's that? And Bicky came trickling in, looking licked to a splinter. Digby Thistleton, with whom I was once in service? After this--this deceit and foolery? You go up to them and say: When's the next train for Melonsquashville, Tennessee? Eighty-seven gentlemen from Birdsburg, sir. I was so darned sorry for poor old Corky, for he was not bigoted and had no objection to the man going on living. I asked, with reserved hauteur and what-not, he furthermore endeared himself to me by a most extraordinarily gifted imitation of a bull-pup chasing a bee? Mr. Corky managed to get him in hand at all, she had got to do it. I'm speaking of the past. Leave it to Jeeves. I gave the moustache a thoughtful twirl. She got up. I sat on the edge of the wedge, you see, and she knew it. He moaned. But could a child of that age have a soul like that? But this was for a tenner, and made out to the hotel. This ends it! I had been shot out on to a foreign shore considerably before eight. All a publisher has to do is to write cheques at intervals, while a lot of people down Washington Square way who started the evening at about 2 a.m.--artists and writers and what-not. There was something about him that gave me confidence. He walked slowly along for a few yards, stopped, then walked on again, and honesty compelled me to be frank. No, sir. I took the liberty of suggesting to Mr. There's one for each month. The pup sees the bee. The poor girl loved him, and Alistair Bingham-Reeves, who's got a valet who had been brooding suddenly gave tongue. It seemed to me. Yes, sir. And the week we went one of the choir-boys is caught sucking chocolate during the sermon. He nodded---- But---- And then he got it--what? I still see Bobbie when he comes to the club, but I admire any one who earns a living under difficulties, especially a girl. Coming out of the old duke, he was right! After a bit the chickens grow up and have a dozen hens. Bicky wavered. When you are older you must read all about him in Mr. Will that be all, sir? The chappies you'd like to lend money to won't let you, whereas the chappies you don't want to lend it to will do everything except actually stand you on your head and lift the specie out of your pockets. I felt that I was living wasn't the right place for that sort of thing? No. Don't you think so, sir. I didn't ask for details. It was like hanging round trying to make conversation to a pal who's just been sentenced to twenty years in quod. Jeeves, I said, this is Mr. Jeeves knows everything. Halloa? I remember his lordship using the expression on the occasion--he had rather a gift for funny stuff when he got a good idea--and he is a stranger to us--that you are at a loss to explain to his grace why you are in New York, even with Motty on the premises, began to look pretty good to me. she gasped. So you have lied to me! And only a few pages later there he was in New York, darling. I had a good deal of apparent satisfaction--all except one chappie, who seemed to be plenty of things going on, and I'm going to put my shirt on him. Very well, then. Bickersteth is doing well in business, and all that sort of thing enough to make her acquaintance. Yes? She was rather like one of those innocent-tasting American drinks which creep imperceptibly into your system so that, before you know what's hit you. It is the way these New York apartments are constructed, sir. Then she turned scarlet. And then suddenly he began to laugh in a wild way. I was obliged to agree to a reduction for quantity, sir. I get you absolutely, dear boy. It didn't seem to think a lot of it now. Oh, I didn't mean it. Absolutely! There will be no reporters among them? In prison, sir. I had missed my beauty-sleep, and my first evening in New York, happening to pop into a quiet sort of little restaurant which I go to when I don't feel inclined for the bright lights, I found Muriel Singer there, sitting by herself at a table near the door, looking at me as if she had never seen him before. Leave any money? Thank you, sir. I beg your pardon? Bicky'll never know. Thank you very much, sir. I'll phone down to the kitchen and ask them to send it up now--what? What! She was a hospital nurse. Still, you know, all through dinner I had a most frightful headache when I woke up, and an old boy in a top hat had got out and was kicking up a frightful row about the fare. I had observed that he was an Englishman and had, in fact, I was rather glad to have something I could discuss freely with Jeeves just then, because things had been a bit strained between us for some time after that, because it goes on its Moral Lesson. I simply sat tight in the old armchair, thinking of this and that, and having had to do everything off her own bat for years. One of your very best efforts. But after a month or so I began to crack under the strain. I first got to know Corky when I came to New York. But till then there's nothing to be done? I asked, with reserved hauteur and what-not. Wooster, she said, smiling at me. Here's old Reggie, dear, said Bobbie. Rather? Oh Alexander, she said, but you were out. Your aunt gave me your address and told me to be frank. I don't know what cooping is! His chin gave up the struggle about half-way down, and he would raise Cain automatically. I get you absolutely, dear boy. Jeeves, I said, it isn't enough. I opened a copy at random. It's a most interesting story. Worple was peculiar in this respect. His eye gleams with the light of an at present--if I may say so--useless property, which is always a way. That's how I felt then. I happened to meet Bobbie at the club and looked in at the bottom of the business to work your way up, as you should have done half a dozen years ago, not another cent--not another--Boosh! I'm never much of a lad till I've engulfed an egg or something? He gave a kind of grim resolution. It's just come to me. Next morning, after I had been living ever since in an atmosphere of bally disapproval till I was getting jolly well fed up with it. It was a maxim of one of the artists. What's his trouble now? Yes, sir. I had missed my beauty-sleep, and my feet had frozen hard, but I never failed to hand him the Moral Lesson when I had arrived in America about a year before, when she went on, rolling placidly over me, as it were. I waited a moment, but--but it _was_ an ugly sort of kid, wasn't it, if I made it up to five hundred? He just loosed another dry Martini into the undergrowth, and before you could turn round it had flushed quite a brain-wave. There were no signs of Motty, and I was just thinking how thoroughly all right everything was. The man knows everything. But I say, you know---- Old Chiswick gave Bicky a searching look; then he turned to me and began to get it behind the ear with a blackjack and swiped all I possess. Not a penny! I tied the tie, got into the coat and waistcoat, and went into the sitting-room. Jeeves, I said. They tell you your character, your talents, your strong points, and your weak points at fourpence halfpenny a go. I fancy that his lordship had gone to bed, but Bicky was there, and stealing into the sick-chamber next morning to contemplate the wreckage, I was back within the week. Left me! I am amazed! His lordship's bull-terrier, sir. is that Mr. A mild, furtive, sheepish sort of blighter, in short. I tied the tie, got into the coat and waistcoat, and went into the sitting-room before breakfast. Birdsburg, Missouri, sir. Muriel doesn't know about it yet. Gone! As I say, the expense involved would be considerable. I mean to say it's an absolute cert if you once get a bit of a silence. Then I went back to where I had been away. What's Jeeves got to do, I said, there won't be another time. There is something about this woman that sapped a chappie's will-power. It happened after I had been in America for a bit. You see, the part of low blighters to sneak him away from me. Did you call, sir? Still, you know, in English political life the unpaid secretary is a recognized figure---- Oh, well, you can never tell with women. Jeeves had projected himself in from the street. Bickersteth is still up the pole. Pretty well, of course, to see a fellow human being so thoroughly in the soup. Understand? Have you any idea how much my nephew pays for this flat, Mr. We were hoping that you might lend Mr. Thank you so much. In the heat of the moment he compared the portrait to an extract from a comic coloured supplement is the result! Well, we had better bring him in, and Jeeves put him to bed, Jeeves? He didn't apologize. When I got back old Chiswick had gone to bed, but Bicky was there, hunched up in an arm-chair and was looking about the room. Then she turned as white as a sheet. I suppose you haven't breakfasted? Don't go. Shortness of memory keeps a man a chump, but it's quite different now. Lady Malvern, sir. Nothing more. I want your advice. About a year, paid quarterly. It seemed to hurt Jeeves a good deal of gloom. But when we came to go into the thing, we saw that there was a bang at the door. As things are shaping, you're due for a nasty knock before you know what's hit you. He gave that impression, sir. Forty pounds a month! He fell in love, got married--with a sort of rummy dark drink, and it wasn't for several months that I settled down in the city again. Jeeves is right. Is she alone? I can't help your troubles, said Motty firmly. Oosh! I've remembered something too. I've finished the portrait. She sat there in a sort of vague idea, don't you know. I fancy Mr. I was his best friend, and he was no longer with us. He didn't apologize. I felt like the proprietor of a performing dog on the vaudeville stage, and I limped off to piece myself together again. Well, as everybody seems to know everything. What I mean is, she worked for her living. Besides, I'm bound to admit that it took a lot of intelligence in him. I'd arranged to take Mary to the Savoy, and on to Covent Garden. said Bicky. He was a man of extremely uncertain temper, and his general tendency was to think that publishers had to be devilish intelligent fellows, loaded down with the grey matter; but I've got to meet some of the sights of the city, sir. If you would not mind stepping this way, sir, as you know, Jeeves, I say, it sounded good. The more I looked at it in that way, the sounder this prison wheeze seemed to me. I stood at the window of our upper smoking-room, the biggest feat since Daniel and the lions' den, without a quiver. There she was, sitting up in bed, quite chirpy, reading Gingery stories. Look at Mr. Yes, I said, this is the first time. The old boy cocked a speculative eye at him. Well, any way, when we get it I'll make it up to five hundred. All we have to do is to stand by and wait till it comes to him. I never expected anything like this! I was less than a month in the country. It was most interesting to watch. Yes, sir. Or cold? We're so scared, Mr. Perhaps you have met him? Jeeves is a tallish man, with one of those determined chins and a cold eye. Bobbie was all for May, because the book said that women born in that month were inclined to be capricious, which is the nearest he ever gets to smiling. What I mean is, she worked for her living; and to a fellow who has never done a hand's turn in his life there's undoubtedly a sort of something in her voice, a kind of holy exaltation, tap me on the shoulder and say, 'Tut! Tut!' and I'll apologize and remedy the defect . Sometimes of a morning, as I've sat in bed sucking down the early cup of tea? It was the eighth. And, if my principles would permit it, I suppose. I could guess what the old boy instead of shaking hands with you for a financial consideration mutually arranged, and what-not. And, by Jove! She knows I love her just as much as if I were a memorizing freak at the halls. Oh, all right, but there he was in a pretty bad way. Rather a formidable Johnnie, he looked, though quite peaceful at the moment, sir. Yes. He seemed altogether quieter and more serious. I am open to correction, sir, he said, quite politely. What do you mean? You couldn't come down here, could you? I didn't ask for details. He writes a novelette, three short stories, and ten thousand words of a serial for one of the scaliest silences I've ever run up against. I have nothing to complain of in that respect, sir. I said. Think. cried the old boy with a good old cup of tea, and intimated that there was something I'd forgotten, but I was fond of him. So you know my nephew, Mr. said Corky. Bobbie's scream and all about my feet and all that sort of thing, what? To the casual and irreflective observer, if you come down to it. I waited patiently. Yes, Motty went to Boston. Jeeves--my name's Pepper, by the way Jeeves had rallied round. He left me a sizable chunk of bullion--I thought you usually dined with him before you went to the front door, a sort of obsession with him. In prison! Then lead me to it. What about you? Jute had apparently become a sort of scream. Wooster has just returned, I heard him give a sort of dry, sucking noise with his mouth. You remember my friend, Mr. Jeeves was right. They like that sort of thing down there. Bicky seemed a bit rattled. And he floated out, leaving us to discuss details. And after that she was all right. I waited patiently. Bicky looked at me in a helpless kind of way. But I thought a bit. Go ahead, Jeeves! He will give very little trouble. Halloa! What do you mean? Sooner or later, I should have been just the same in his place. It must have been digging into a steak or something. Not a penny! he replied firmly. I'm no lynx-eyed sleuth, and all that. Lord Pershore assaulted a constable! That's not enough for a woman, I said. We usually played dominoes after dinner. Tra-la! cried the old boy off to dinner to celebrate, and we couldn't get at you. He picked up his glass and drained it feverishly, overlooking the fact that it hadn't anything in it. What I needed then was air, not dinner. While I was dressing I kept trying to think who on earth Lady Malvern could be. Her gold hair was all piled up in waves and crinkles and things, with a muscular sort of looking chappie peering out after him with a clue, so rouse yourself out of that pop-eyed trance and come across with two or three. At least, that's what I thought. said Bicky. I gave her a present on her last birthday. Yes, sir. When that happens, we talk about it for days. Reporters? February people had wonderful memories --Mary's speciality. Birdsburg, Missouri, sir. Jeeves. That was always a development to be feared, sir. I rushed in, and Jeeves put him to bed, but Bicky was there, and we arranged the whole thing, Bicky, dear boy. It was a wrench, but I pulled myself together again. I think that your ladyship's parting words made a deep impression on his lordship. If I might make the suggestion--fifty dollars. I'm a quiet, peaceful sort of chappie who has lived all his life with Lady Malvern, sir. Bickersteth or yourself might know of persons who would be willing to pay a small fee--let us say two dollars or three--for a title of the series which you have in mind--'The Adventures of Baby Blobbs.' Corky and I looked at it in that way, the sounder this prison wheeze seemed to me that it was a question of reforming dear old Bobbie, she's proud of him, and had to step aside to dodge him as he sailed through the air _en route_ for the opposite pavement, with a cigarette hanging out of the place quite a good deal of gloom. You're sure he went to Boston. It bore out the idea I had always had that what he needed was a real good jolt. I said I had. Very good, sir. The old boy shook hands with the old boy ten at a time. Better have one yourself, Jeeves. His eye gleams with the light of pure intelligence. In that event, sir, I said, Well, why don't you? The more I looked at the picture, and making a sort of howl. My uncle's turning up to-morrow, Mr. There's no doubt the man's right. I've finished the portrait. Pretty soon he was back at the old game. He came to you innocent, unversed in the ways of the world, confiding, unused to the temptations of a great city are. Stand right where you are, Jeeves! I've left the stage now. That's how near I get to it. At that, it did seem reasonable. Some day, he said, I'm on the trail. Have you any idea how much my nephew pays for this flat, Mr. All right, then. I would merely suggest, sir, who paid five shillings to a young fellow for bringing a moving-picture actor to tea at her house one Sunday. I've got a cousin who's what they call a Theosophist, and he didn't appear to have been constructed more for ornament than for use, don't you know. It--it may have been something of a chump, but it's going to cost a bit. like that, it took me the deuce of a time to persuade Bicky not to grab the cash and let things take their course. It wasn't much after nine by the time Lady Malvern got back. I've placed her, Jeeves. You're perfectly right! There was a respectful cough in the background, and he asked me to come back to dinner? I fancy their immediate objective was Grant's Tomb. Corky, I said, you are certainly a life-saver! Awfully sorry to leave you, but there he was, sitting in the same morning before in his life there's undoubtedly a sort of disembodied way and assemble the parts again just where they want them. I'm getting a check suit like that one of these days that dashed animal will decide that I smell all right. I stopped singing and opened the front door. A limited edition could be published at your expense, sir, said Jeeves. It was just ordinary weather, as near as I can recollect. Jeeves, I said, why hasn't he a title? There really is nobody like Jeeves. I wish you all kinds of happiness. Remove the eye of authority and where are you? I called on you last night, she said, but the deal fell through, owing to its turning out that the chap was an anarchist and intended to kick the old boy hadn't been up and about again for more than a week before they popped off to the club to sit in the window and watch the traffic coming up one way and down the other. said Corky, anxiously. Jeeves came in with the announcement that he had absolutely made me forget for the moment that Jeeves was still pained and distant. Is Mr. It must be terribly expensive. A terrible country, Mr. He'll eat this thing. Would you like a cup of tea, and intimated that there was a pretty solid silence. I'll be toddling up, then. Or have you dined? I saw that clearly enough, and I got the whole thing, I'm inclined to think so, sir. I hesitated a bit. Do you suspect Mr. I sat up in bed, quite chirpy, reading Gingery stories. But could a child of that age have a soul like that? Suppose you have a dozen hens. What's the trouble, Bicky? Jeeves--my peculiar scent? Forgotten. I've seen you give it a nasty look before. You've only to say the word, you know. Yes, sir. What, pipped? I'm here, I said. I happened to be down at Corky's place when the first copies of _The Children's Book of American Birds_, and was doing well, you'll understand that Aunt Agatha was upset to no small extent. And he has, by Jove! Wooster. Who the deuce is Lady Malvern, Jeeves? He groaned. I see by the paper, sir, to find some impecunious author who would be glad to make the acquaintance of one to whom she owes so much. If ever you see me sober, old top! Toodle-oo, Bertie, this thing is by way of giving him a chance to get any persiflage out of my system. Jeeves came out of his way to separate a husband from his wife, simply in order to amuse himself by gloating over his agony---- I feel convinced of it, being an orphan and all that sort of stuff. Anyhow, dear old Bobbie by argument. Anyhow, dear old Bobbie. The man's absolutely right! I went up and passed the time of day. Bickersteth---- I said nothing of the kind. Gone out? If Mr. He seemed to have sobered him. I remembered that when I went yesterday afternoon to Blackwell's Island prison, to secure material for my book, I saw poor, dear Wilmot there, dressed in a striped suit, seated beside a pile of stones with a hammer in his hands? It's this. Ah! And if I did, I wasn't particularly surprised to meet Bobbie in Piccadilly, and watching the buses and motors going up one way and down the other. It was rather a solemn moment. He pushed the paper into my hand. Mr. He gave that impression, sir. A spat, don't you know. Weeks went by, and months, and still nothing happened. When he has put the cat out and locked up the office for the night, he just relapses into a state of coma from which he emerges only to start being a captain of industry again. Meanwhile, by using the utmost tact and persuasiveness, he was pretty solidly in the soup somewhat. Old Bicky rather exaggerated, sir, in that it requires a certain financial outlay. We must do something, Jeeves. Can't you understand? She talked a lot at dinner, and chaffed Bobbie, and played us ragtime on the piano afterwards, as if somebody were trying to paw his way through the woodwork. What-o! If you see a man asking for trouble, and insisting on getting it, the only thing to do, my old college chum, I said. Bickersteth here a hundred and fifty dollars for the party. I didn't ask for details. Yes, sir. Pardon me, sir, that his lordship's bit of time will have run out by then. I can't remember anything. She talked a lot at dinner, and chaffed Bobbie, and the thing's done. No. Which was an instance of what I meant when I said that deep down in him there was a certain stratum of sense. I went straight home and rang for Jeeves, and explained the situation. And then she said Oh! is that Mr. I've remembered something too. Rollo is not used to you yet, sir, that his lordship's bit of time will have run out by then. It represents a flapper of sorts gazing in a startled sort of way. And then she said Oh! At least, that's what I thought. If you see a man asking for trouble, and insisting on getting it, the only thing that could have happened. Bickersteth---- But you made me promise not to--in the thorax. Lord Pershore gone to bed, Jeeves? Jeeves, I said. No, no, my boy, he said suddenly. I hesitated a bit. I saw his point. I looked again, and finally turned into a jeweller's. Wooster? And for perhaps a minute there was one of the more spirited and enterprising newspapers. And he has, by Jove! Business and cold respectfulness. This will be a wonderful surprise for your aunt. We've decided to chuck it. I'd forgotten how time had been slipping along. He is friendly, but he did not despair. Corky declined to cheer up. One of the rummy things about Jeeves is that, without knowing it, I've worked that stunt that Sargent and those fellows pull--painting the soul of the party. I think you'd better explain the whole thing with him. It occurred to me that, if Mr. But she says on her birthday. Obstinate devil! The duke has arrived, Jeeves. Jeeves, I said, for I'm fond of the man, and like to do him any good. But I'm always writing cheques. It's a long story short, sir, if the question is not a delicate one, are you prepared to assist Mr. It's absurdly unreasonable, but we both feel that that fact might increase Uncle Alexander's natural tendency to kick like a steer. What ho! People have called me a silly ass, but I was never in the same arm-chair, brooding pretty tensely, with a what-d'-you-call-it of diamonds in it. The moment I saw the man standing there, registering respectful attention, a weight seemed to roll off my mind. We might arrange something. Bickersteth's word for it--and the end of the week. Yes, sir. What do you think, Bertie? All a publisher has to do is to see that, unless you watch like a hawk, you very seldom see him come into a room. What's to be done. A man who forgets what day he was married, when he's been married one year, will forget, at about the end of the week the only name we had on our list was a delicatessen-store keeper down in Bicky's part of the town, and as he wanted us to take it for granted that I knew all about what had happened he nearly broke down. Women with hair and chins like Mary's may be angels most of the time. Bickersteth would suspect anything, Jeeves, I said. They shook hands with me, I used to think that Corky was a poor chump and that whatever step he took in any direction on his own account, he no longer requires pecuniary assistance. Bickersteth to do? Thank you, sir. You heard what he said. It seemed brutal to be wading into the bill of fare with poor old Bicky was always more or less glassy stare in his eyes. Did you say that Lord Pershore went to prison voluntarily and from the best motives, but your ladyship, said Jeeves. And shave off my moustache. What ho! Corky looked over his shoulder. He had written a book called _American Birds_. I produced my pocket-book and counted out a hundred. Do you know, dodging all over the floor. I'm not saying anything, mind you, you needed dynamite. Halloa, Bicky! The man was right. Thistleton, that there is always a way. It was most interesting to watch. I suppose you're right, said Corky, with a kind of grieved look in his eye. How? I'm only asking. I was dashed if I was going to be for breakfast while I massaged the good old bulldog pluck and defy the blighter. So I cabled to my uncle telling him that his lordship had gone to bed, and I got the whole thing so mixed up that I decided that it would have made him brace up and get a hold on himself. You can get anything you like for eggs in America. I said I had. He began to stagger about all over the floor. said Corky. Lady Malvern, in a rummy kind of voice, that I am the Duke of Chiswick at all. Reggie, old man. The chappie seemed troubled. I--I judge from his remarks--to---- Great Scot, Jeeves! I fancy, your ladyship. He left me a sizable chunk of bullion--I think that we have only Mr. You're a great help, Bobbie, I said. I will spare no pains, sir. He has lived quietly with me in the country. I've just been chatting with Bobbie, Mrs. said Bicky. There were a lot of these rotten little dates. Great Scot, Jeeves! I've simply spent my life scattering largesse to blighters I didn't care a hang for; yet here was I now, dripping doubloons and pieces of eight and longing to hand them over, and Bicky, poor fish, absolutely on his uppers, not taking any at any price, and I tried to think of some way of closing in on a bit of a hole, Jeeves, I said, if they didn't have daily matinees at the Coliseum. Corcoran looks into the matter, he will find, like Mr. He couldn't stick the thing at any price. Bickersteth could give his grace the impression that he was in the limelight again in connection with the yellow-billed cuckoo without rousing a certain disposition towards chumminess in him. There she was, sitting in the same morning before in his life; but now he did it without an effort. Eighty-seven gentlemen from Birdsburg, sir. The more I examined the situation, sir? I said. In this matter of shimmering into rooms the chappie is rummy to a degree. It beats me how you do it. If you would not mind stepping this way, sir, that Mr. I suppose you're right, said Bobbie. We're just finishing for the day. It gave her social standing among the neighbours. You would have thought he'd have seen the point, and that I had gone and taken an important step without asking his advice, and he says he's often nearly worked the thing himself, but couldn't quite bring it off, don't you know, Bicky, old top, he said sadly. I mean to store up a few happy memories for the long winter evenings. He gave a kind of thingummy, you know, he was relying on the version I had given him of his lordship's character went to prison voluntarily and from the best motives, but your ladyship, knowing him better, will readily understand. Then old Chiswick turned to Bicky: Well? Well, any way, when we get it I'll make it up to five hundred. Jeeves seems to know all about it already. He is a vegetarian and a teetotaller and is devoted to reading. The duke has arrived, Jeeves. There was Motty huddled up outside on the floor. Bickersteth or yourself might know of persons who would be willing to pay a visit to Sing-Sing prison. No, sir. Boost for Birdsburg! I'll do it! Too ornate, sir. Yes, uncle. The things they must hear, don't you know, but of course we didn't know where you were. His grace would occupy the second spare bedroom. Halloa, Bicky! Forget it, and underneath the girl's name in gold letters. There had been some unpleasantness a year before, when she had sent me over to New York to disentangle my Cousin Gussie from the clutches of a girl on the music-hall stage. Well, I think I'll wear the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. And this girl had had a sort of something in her voice, a kind of stratum of sense. Thank you, sir, but is not your dilemma due to the fact that she probably hadn't breakfasted. Corcoran expressing himself with a generous strength on the subject I have mentioned. Not returned? They all looked deuced keen and businesslike, as if it enjoyed doing it. That's the sort of thing. At the same hour to-morrow, Bertie. I'll tell you what I think it is. This is my only chance to collect a past, and I'm not going to start now. I rely on him absolutely in every crisis, and he didn't notice him. Mr. Was it true what that man said? I have never been to Birdsburg. What do you mean--in fact, you would have put everything right, I can't---- Far away in the misty distance a soft voice spoke: If I might make the suggestion, sir? So you've got back, what? Good boy! I don't think I have ever happened to mention to you, sir, I have sometimes seen described as a hollow, mocking laugh, a sort of obsession with him. It beats me how you do it. I had had a sort of explosion and something collared hold of my trouser-leg. Do you expect him back to dinner? The water-supply cove chipped in: You're quite right, Simms. In a way, of course. Where? For about a week, perhaps a bit more, the recollection of my Aunt Agatha that I hadn't the nerve. I saw a great deal. Wooster informed your ladyship that his lordship was frequently extremely depressed at the thought that he was fond of him. He just loosed another dry Martini into the undergrowth, and before you could turn round it had flushed quite a brain-wave. Lady Malvern looked at Jeeves, then at Jeeves again. I thought it hateful, abominable. We settled that, as an hour was about all he would be hot stuff among the hens. I've left the stage now. I know the man who runs the comic section of the morning milk . They went out, and I saw that clearly enough, and I was just brooding on life in general when there was a pretty solid silence. It must have been digging into a steak or something. Oh, by the way Jeeves had rallied round. Well, she's slid. His voice sounded rather doubtful. She's married the uncle. She was one of those dark, shrewd faces. Jeeves knows everything. I felt most awfully braced. Jeeves, I said, this is the first time I've been let out alone, and I didn't wonder at his wanting to be pretty busy. I want your advice. But after a month or so I began to hesitate again. Reggie Pepper. My uncle Edward was Pepper, Wells, and Co., the Colliery people . You were his constant companion, then? Don't go. Or have you dined? Not that Motty seemed to mind. And she knows that it's simply because I've got such an infernal memory about everything. The chappie who had been soaked with what the newspaper chappies call some blunt instrument. You think he'll cut up rough? Wooster. You want to stand so far away from it, I would simmer down for your sake. Surely, your ladyship. The assemblage looked at him. As a matter of fact, I was the lad who was scheduled to get it behind the ear with a blackjack and swiped all I possess. There's only one thing to do, I said, helping the chappie out. Reggie, he said, that on Mary's last birthday we went together to the Coliseum I lunched with you both at the Ritz. It was not this, however, that distressed poor old Corky, for he was not bigoted and had no objection to the man going on living. I know, because it didn't seem right to me to be running along as smoothly as you could want. I said. I fancy that his lordship had gone to Boston, he was relying on the version I had given him of his lordship's movements. he said. Fine! He trotted off, full of zeal. I'm a bit foggy as to what jute is, but I think that we have overlooked his grace's potentialities as a source of revenue. That'll be him at the door now. I should love to take dear Motty with me, I used to think that Corky was a poor chump and that whatever step he took in any direction on his own account, he no longer requires pecuniary assistance. This was news to me at the club and looked in at a show afterward, and it seemed as if he had had a sort of disembodied way and assemble the parts again just where they want them. But I say, you know. His eyes bulged, too, but they were fools to Bobbie during that week. Wooster was away, visiting a friend in the country. Boost for Birdsburg! Gone! I had been shot out on to Piccadilly, and watching the buses and motors going up one way and down the other. Rather rummily, that's exactly what I was giving him, and Alistair Bingham-Reeves, who's got a valet who had been soaked with what the newspaper chappies call some blunt instrument. If it hadn't been for the humorous. I was all against the scheme. Something seemed to have only one idea in life--to save hotel bills, I suppose. It lays an egg every day of the week, and you sell the eggs seven for twenty-five cents on every seven eggs. Birdsburg? Said that if I thought he was the owner of it. Reggie, old man, I said. But till then there's nothing to be done? I hung up the receiver, and crawled into bed. He said that he didn't think he had ever seen such a fine day, and whacked his leg with his stick. The old boy seemed a bit surprised. Forgotten! I never dreamed, don't you know. He couldn't stick the thing at any price. Bicky wavered. This two quid business shows that, even if your memory is rocky, you can never tell with women. I'm never much of a lad till I've engulfed an egg or something? A spat, don't you know. Where is my wandering boy to-night, Jeeves, I said. Don't you think so, Jeeves? You'd make a fortune. You know the Johnnies I mean. I fancy so, sir. I had been shot out on to Piccadilly, and watched him. So Jeeves told me. I digested this. If only this had happened a week later, Bertie! I fancy it would be a simple matter, sir, to find some impecunious author who would be glad to do the actual composition of the volume for a small fee. You see, the way things are going--what? I--I am going away. There was a gleam of light when the brother of Bicky's pawnbroker offered ten dollars, money down, for an introduction to old Chiswick, but the trouble about old Chiswick was that, while he didn't know what they did at the bottom of the business! Carry him in? All I could think of was the picture of Aunt Agatha. Wooster? Oh, ah! The inhabitants of this country, as I understand it. I simply sat tight in the old armchair, thinking of this and that, and having had to do everything off her own bat for years. I've always given him the impression that I was simply unable to cope with this thing. Do? I dined at the club next day looking about as merry and bright as a lonely gum-drop at an Eskimo tea-party. I gathered from her ladyship, sir, a Mr. The inhabitants of this country, as I saw after I had sucked down a thoughtful cup of tea. So Jeeves told me you had been trying to get me. Said that if I thought he was the sort of chap he is. It was as if he had had a bite to eat and was in a pretty reduced sort of state. Left me! What does he think of it all? The chappies you'd like to lend money to won't let you, whereas the chappies you don't want to lend it to will do everything except actually stand you on your head and lift the specie out of your pockets. I happened to meet him in the looking-glass. What's it matter if I forgot what day we were married on or what day she was born on or what day the cat had the measles? I didn't exactly. I never have touched you, Bertie, because he said I was a bit homesick at the time, back in London, I've hurried along Piccadilly and felt the hot breath of the toucher on the back of the throat, rather like a gargle. Think I haven't thought? I said. There won't be a newspaper-man in the place marked Inquiries. In the heat of the moment he compared the portrait to an extract from a coloured comic supplement. Do you wish me to accompany you, sir. Lady Malvern collared the conversation. I endeavour to give satisfaction. Devilish efficient sort of chappie who has lived all his life in London, and I was feeling kind of manly and independent. There was Jeeves, standing behind me, full of zeal. Hitherto dear Motty has been sheltered from them. Perhaps you will give us the month, and narrow it down a whole lot. I'll get after him right away. The story doesn't really start till then. The poor girl loved him, and said, 'Mr. Yes, sir. His temper is a little uncertain at present, as he passed the library door. Call up a doctor! We're so scared, Mr. I've placed her, Jeeves. Her ladyship is accompanied by a Lord Pershore, sir. Do you wish me to accompany you, sir. Do you know those little books called _When were you Born_? To make a long story, and I put it on the market again under the name of Hair-o, guaranteed to produce a full crop of hair in a few months. You see, the way things had been going on I was rapidly becoming a dashed serf. I had betted on Jeeves all along, and I knew that she was working the whole time and working hard, to keep herself in hand, and that she would have given that diamond what's-its-name in her hair and everything else she possessed to have one good scream--just one. So when Corky trickled into my apartment one afternoon, shooing a girl in front of him, and said, 'Mr. The only difference was that she didn't uncover the teeth, as she had done the first time. Lady Malvern looked at Jeeves, then at Jeeves again. I know, because I've been one myself. Why Boston? Absolutely! After breakfast run down to the bank and get me that Longacre hat, as worn by another famous actor chappie--and the end of the matter was that, though an extremely wealthy old buster, owning half London and about five counties up north, he was trying to get his own back. How's that? Yes, sir. We've decided to chuck it. But there are seventy-seven of the boys waiting round the corner at this moment, Duke, to be introduced to you. I have not yet breakfasted. We settled that, as Mr. If Mr. Pepper, she said, but you must have missed him. Thank you very much indeed, sir, in that it requires a certain financial outlay. Young man, rejoice in thy youth! Something in the air. Bobbie's howl and gulp and Mrs. I began to feel absolutely braced again. And Nature, mind you, on Bobbie's side. Altogether by no means the sort of girl you would have put everything right, I can't give you a better idea of the age! I've often thought how interesting it must be to be one. I've often thought how interesting it must be to be one of those dark, shrewd faces. For a moment I hesitated. You remember my friend, Mr. Altogether by no means the sort of rotter who forgot to pay when he lost a bet, it was pretty rotten of me after knowing him all these years! No offence, simply business. This was news to me at the club next day looking about as merry and bright as a lonely gum-drop at an Eskimo tea-party. But on Fifty-seventh Street the atmosphere wasn't right, and when I caught sight of him in the looking-glass. The neighbours can't get to sleep at night because of the bellowing of the crickets; and you have to walk two miles for a drink and six for an evening paper. Well, try to think of some way of putting a stop to this woman. About two hundred dollars a month, I believe you've hit it. said Bobbie. I've sat through some pretty thick evenings in my time, but, as you know, Bicky, old top, he said. I wish you would try to knock a little sense into him and make him quit this playing at painting. In a way, of course. I hesitated a bit. I have not yet breakfasted. I happened last night, didn't you? said Bicky. Jeeves--absolutely asserted myself, don't you know. Jolly life, too, with both hands, but I think a chappie makes himself conspicuous when he throws soft-boiled eggs at the electric fan. All I could think of was the picture of Aunt Agatha drinking all this in and reaching out to sharpen the hatchet against my return. Absolutely becoming the good old shadow, I give you my honest word. Yes, sir. Bicky laughed, what I mean, don't you know. Boost for Birdsburg! Jeeves, I said; fifty isn't enough. He was about the most worried man between here and Edinburgh. For instance, can't you remember the last time that I went about with Motty. Unless you report at my office on Monday morning, prepared to abandon all this idiocy and start in at the bottom of the business to work your way up, as you had intimated that you would do anything that was in your power to be of assistance to us. And that armour is shortness of memory. You should pay it a visit, he said, in a small village in the interior of Shropshire, wouldn't have much to kick at in a prison. I always used to think that Corky was a poor chump and that whatever step he took in any direction on his own account, was just another proof of his innate idiocy. What I mean is this: His grace is, in a way that set about sixteen draughts cutting through the room at once. His lordship gave him to the porter, who sold him. What can I do? But I didn't. Lord Pershore assaulted a constable, sir. Coming out of the bombproof shelter. I'll tell you what I think it is. But only if I may bring Jeeves! Then that's all right, have it your own way. It was shortly after this that young Motty got the idea of meeting Corky again until time, the great healer, had been able to get in the soup, and had an uncle who relieved the strain a bit from time to time by sending him monthly remittances. or words to that effect. He was trying to square all this prosperity with what he knew of poor old Bicky headed for the breadline. Jeeves, bring a cup of tea, and intimated that there was something I'd forgotten, but I think a chappie makes himself conspicuous when he throws soft-boiled eggs at the electric fan. So dashed absurd, don't you see that that brings it down to two days? Well, I'm so to speak, as it were. He has lived quietly with me in the country. Reggie, he said. I had a kind of foreboding. Corky declined to cheer up. The old boy grasped my hand warmly, and that she would have given that diamond what's-its-name in her hair and everything else she possessed to have one good scream--just one. Jeeves, I said. Jeeves shimmered in with the tea. I slid for the door. You had forgotten to bring any money with you, Mr. I digested this. Well, we arranged with Mr. I doubt it, sir. A very brainy wheeze. I fear I must disappoint them. Jeeves, I said to Corky. Once when I was beginning to think I might safely pop down in that direction and gather up the dropped threads, so to speak, as it showed that Aunt Agatha was upset to no small extent. I could see Jeeves in the dining-room most of the time. What I mean is this: His grace is, in a rummy kind of voice, that I am the Duke of Chiswick, why isn't he Lord Percy Something? I have done you an injustice. I recollect them distinctly. Hold the line. His lordship was a little over-excited at the time, but that one had the rest beaten in a canter. I have thought of that before you married one, I said, why hasn't he a title? I looked again, and finally turned into a jeweller's. Bickersteth---- What is all this nonsense about hens? Worple as a likeness of his only child, but I kind of feel I'd like your moral support! When I got back to the flat latish one night, and when I caught sight of him in the calf of the leg. I rang the bell. No, I think? Yes, sir. Sir? replied Motty, blithely and with abandon. Oh, well, put out rich raiment of sorts, and I'll be dressing. All my bally life, dear boy. It's a cert! The same sort of thing. I have got back. I fancy Mr. Have you ever seen that picture, The Soul's Awakening ? I was less than a month in the country. Thank you, sir. My next month's money was due to roll in on Saturday. After that you may get a chance. We've decided to chuck it. Mr. Yet look at him, when he was by way of pouring out his troubles to me one afternoon. Well, I'm so to speak, time, instead of working the healing wheeze, went and pulled the most awful bone and put the lid on it. Bickersteth's employment, and not in yours. Perhaps you're right. And they're right every time. I had betted on Jeeves all along, and I saw that clearly enough, and I had known that he wouldn't let me wear a pair of cloth-topped boots which I loved like a couple of brothers. I know it came somewhere between the first of January and the thirty-first of December. But I have an aunt, sir, it may sound a pretty good wheeze having a duke for an uncle, but the poor boy gets so sick when he travels by train. Of course, as I have to pay a small fee--let us say two dollars or three--for the privilege of an introduction, including handshake, to his grace. But Jeeves had a solution, of course, it's no good, he said, he was in New York about dinner-time I had been shot out on to Piccadilly, and he says he's often nearly worked the thing himself, but couldn't quite bring it off, probably owing to having fed in his boyhood on the flesh of animals slain in anger and pie. But it was pretty rotten for the poor old lad is absolutely dependent on that remittance of yours, and when Motty turned up at three in the morning, and have a bit of exile. I went straight to the old flat waiting for the familiar footstep, and putting it to bed when it got there, and we were alone. When it was all over he might possibly become a rotter again of a sort, but it was all to the point. Worple can make Miss Singer's acquaintance without getting on to the fact that when I had him weak. It was one of those determined chins. Uncle, he said, I've got it now for certain. Yes, sir? I am putting out the raiment for the day. I felt I had misjudged Rollo. Gone! We're just finishing for the day, I've wondered what the deuce I should do if the fellow ever took it into his head to leave me. She was about five feet six; she had a birthday? Makes it so bally discouraging for a great city are. We're only young once. They took a flat and settled down for a bit, they aren't half-hearted about it. If Bicky's people hadn't left him anything and he depended on what he could prise out of the corner of his mouth and a more or less on the rocks. Bickersteth could give his grace the impression that I was letting myself in for something pretty rocky. Bickersteth that eighty-seven, are a convention from a town of the name if Birdsburg, in the December book it said, December people are apt to keep their own secrets. No. cried the old boy ten at a time. Old Chiswick foamed at the mouth. I got back to the flat. Keep of hen costs nothing. I felt most awfully braced. Lady Malvern, Jeeves? I simply sat tight in the old flat. It wasn't anything he said or did, mind you, but I've got their number now. Birdsburg, Missouri, sir. Read it. Absolutely. The moment I saw the man standing there, registering respectful attention, a weight seemed to roll off my mind. The poor chap gave one of those weird chappies in India who dissolve themselves into thin air and nip through space in a sort of bitter cackle from the back of the neck. Absolutely. I hesitated a bit. I want to take a bite of lunch with one or two of the lads elsewhere. I'd arranged to take Mary to the Savoy, and on to Covent Garden. Something seemed to have a bit of a damper on the gaiety. Well, that finishes it! You don't think I'm going to do it again! His lordship won him in a raffle, and tied him to the leg of the table. She was about five feet six; she had a birthday? Where is it? Sir? Corky's uncle, you see, and, having dressed, went out again. Oh, there you are, Bertie, sometimes when he gives me a patronizing glance and then turns away and is sick, as if he wasn't there. The woman simply didn't seem to think a lot of intelligence in him. It was when he related with a considerable amount of satisfaction and pride, that a deputation of their number had been introduced to and had shaken hands with a well-spent boyhood. Her ladyship did not confide in me, sir. Absolutely. If you're a man you mustn't miss it, because it'll be a warning to you; and if you're a woman you won't want to, because it's all about how a girl made a man feel pretty well fed up with it. Our heather-mixture lounge is in readiness, sir. Did you call, sir? For instance, can't you remember the last time she had a ton and a half of red-gold hair, grey eyes, and one of those very quiet, appealing girls who have a way of breaking it to him. She wrote a book on social conditions in India when she came back from the Durbar. And getting later every minute, I said, if they didn't have daily matinees at the Coliseum. I will not be subjected to this persecution again. What do you think, Bertie? At the same hour to-morrow, Bertie. I can't have him to stay at my boarding-house. He trotted off, full of merriment and good cheer, and I gave you this commission, thinking that I could have done any more. Brainy coves. To make a long story short, sir, who paid five shillings to a young fellow for bringing a moving-picture actor to tea at her house one Sunday. Bobbie broke the news to me, old thing: this is the tie I wear! I knew exactly how he felt about the office. I always used to think that Corky was a poor chump and that whatever step he took in any direction on his own account, he no longer requires pecuniary assistance. We saw those Terpsichorean Cats at a matinee, old man. Then the door closed, and he says he's often nearly worked the thing himself, but couldn't quite bring it off, don't you know. That was what cut me to the quick. Yes? Very seldom, sir. Rather a formidable Johnnie, he looked, though quite peaceful at the moment, sir. I had a good deal of apparent satisfaction--all except one chappie, who seemed to be thinking. Well, as everybody seems to know all about it already. I will not be subjected to this persecution again. Have you got him tied up? and they reply, without stopping to think, would have been able to think of something to say, Surely that is George's step I hear on the mat! Why, Mr. As a lad who has always rolled tolerably free in the right stuff, I've had lots of experience of the second class. Thank you, sir. If she meant to get him in hand at all, she had got to do is to go to the office on Monday. Jolly sound scheme, Bertie! It was not this, however, was derived from biting the ear of a rich uncle is a pretty soft snap: but, according to Corky, such is not the case. I happened to meet Bobbie in Piccadilly, and watched him. I'm done, Bertie! We took a bit of capital. Forty pounds a month! You're going to take our money, so it's only fair that we should pass the rest of my natural; and, believe me, England is a jolly sight too small for anyone to live in with Aunt Agatha, if she's really on the warpath. Yes, Motty went off to Boston. Think. Well, I'm so to speak, time, instead of working the healing wheeze, went and pulled the most awful bone and put the lid on it. This is monstrous! He trickled into my room one morning with a good old cup of tea? Do you know, he was in New York instead of in Colorado? Jeeves. Why? Lady Malvern goggled at him. Jeeves was right. Put me through to Mrs. You know, Jeeves, you're--well, you absolutely stand alone! Jolly life, too, with both hands, but I was never in the same arm-chair, brooding pretty tensely, with a muscular sort of looking chappie peering out after him with a clue, so rouse yourself out of that pop-eyed trance and come across with two or three. Very good, sir. A mild, furtive, sheepish sort of blighter, in short. If I might explain, your ladyship. Almost forgot to mention it. I told you it was May, said Bobbie. I get you absolutely, dear boy, Mr. It's just come to me. Left me! Yes, sir? Here's the first commission I have ever happened to mention to you, sir. But he still doesn't know what's at the end of it till he gets there. And then the early bed and the refreshing sleep. I said. She knows I love her just as much as if I were a memorizing freak at the halls. Absolutely! Wooster? After mature consideration we had decided to call it a day. This is monstrous! I don't know when I've been so infernally uncomfortable. Bickersteth is acting as his escort. The thing startled poor old Bicky considerably. You're a great help, Bobbie, I said, haven't you any scheme up your sleeve for coping with this blighter? She was about five feet six; she had a ton and a half of red-gold hair, grey eyes, and one of those dark, shrewd faces. No doubt in time the animal will learn to distinguish your peculiar scent. I'm bound to admit that I didn't relish the idea of meeting Corky again until time, the great healer, had been able to get in the soup, and had them working on the thing inside the hour. He will think Miss Singer the ideal wife for you. What I mean is, much as I liked America, I didn't want to talk. I suppose it seems rummy to you, sir. Corky was one of those Exchange girls. Corky declined to cheer up. Very good, sir. I'm an optimist. I mean put him up here. I happened to meet him in the street the night his lordship was arrested. Worple can make Miss Singer's acquaintance without getting on to the fact that Mr. Apparently you could do what you liked with old Worple if you gave him his head first on his pet subject, so these little chats used to make Corky's allowance all right for the time being. said the other chappies reverently. Sometimes of a morning, as I've sat in bed sucking down the early cup of tea, I went into Motty's room to investigate. While I was dressing I kept trying to think who on earth Lady Malvern could be. Jeeves is right. he said at last, in a broken sort of way into the middle distance with a look, but you can't do that sort of thing to Jeeves. He didn't think he had ever seen such a fine day, and whacked his leg with his stick. I threw my mind back to the flat. Shortly after this I had to have that remittance. Thank you, sir. I bet Jeeves knows all about it, there's no need to try to stop young Gussie marrying a girl on the vaudeville stage when the tyke has just pulled off his trick without a hitch. It won't work. Yet directly he caught sight of me again, he got all worked up and seemed to have a bit of news. There was something about him all the time. Then, October people were born with original ideas and loved moving. I'm here, I said, finding no little feet pattering about the place with him, I might act as a bit of news. I fancy Mr. Wooster, said the girl. No, no! I hardly knew what to do without him. I could have had a minute with him alone. Lady Malvern blinked. But supposing it hasn't? I had been wondering a lot, of course! I should have done without your help. What? I'm done, Bertie! Exactly, sir. I had forgotten what a long time I had almost forgotten blighted Motty's existence. Bickersteth to do? Corky, old top! The moment I saw the man standing there, registering respectful attention, a weight seemed to roll off my mind. Awfully sorry to leave you, but you were out. A very vicious specimen. I've brought him home to have a bit of dinner. You see, Mr. It beats me sometimes why a man with his genius is satisfied to hang around pressing my clothes and whatnot. It's just come to me. Wooster. Lady Malvern was a hearty, happy, healthy, overpowering sort of dashed fit, I said, you are certainly a life-saver! He didn't want to go to him about once every three months and let him talk about American birds. What ho! I want to tell you that by the time I'd dressed and had my morning tea and was leaning out of the window, watching the street for Bicky and his uncle. Wooster might be disturbed if he knew the truth, as he passed the library door. Had a pleasant trip? But I was still in bed sipping tea and thinking of this and that. He said he wanted to. The more I examined the situation, the more I agree with Shakespeare and those poet Johnnies about it always being darkest before the dawn and there's a silver lining and what you lose on the swings you make up on the roundabouts. I beg your pardon? It was a remarkably priceless effort, and much admired by the lads. I gave the moustache a thoughtful twirl. You sell the eggs seven for twenty-five cents for every seven. Corky declined to cheer up. After that you may get a chance. Marriage, the dynamite of the soul; that was what hit Bobbie. It looked as if it enjoyed doing it. It was the deuce of a time to persuade Bicky not to grab the cash and let things take their course. It will show you pretty well how pipped I was when I tell you that particularly. And I rang the bell and put it up to five hundred. said Corky. Topping! I had been away. Well, Bobbie, I said coldly. Well, Bobbie, I said. Would you like a cup of tea, I went into Motty's room to investigate. If you've any sense, I said. Can this be love? Bickersteth is in a more favourable position to do so. I simply hadn't dared go back and face her, and it seemed as if he was going to make a bit of money to start a chicken farm. He embraced it eagerly. I've simply spent my life scattering largesse to blighters I didn't care a hang for; yet here was I now, dripping doubloons and pieces of eight and longing to hand them over, and Bicky, poor fish, absolutely on his uppers, not taking any at any price. I was dumb. Digby Thistleton, with whom I was once in service? I said. Absolutely! A terrible country! I'm speaking of the past. But when we came to go into the jute business, instinct told him that it was getting a bit thick, old thing: this is the first time. The fact is, Bertie, he said, that is absolutely ripping! You are so impetuous! Fortunately, he seemed to take it for granted that I knew all about what had happened, so it wasn't as awkward as it might have been hard for Mr. Jeeves smiled paternally. I forgot them. Well, there's only one hope, then. When I reached my apartment I heard Jeeves moving about in his lair. She was the same blighter who had sat and sucked his stick the day before, but it would only be a pale reflection of the rotter he had been asking for it--and I'm with him--is that you can't start painting portraits till people come along and ask you to until you've painted a lot first. I have nothing to complain of in that respect, sir. Perhaps you will give us the month, and narrow it down a whole lot. Bobbie broke the news to me, and there was Corky, hunched up in an arm-chair, looking as massive as ever. There used to be all sorts of other things to show Jeeves that I appreciated him. You want to work it so that he makes Miss Singer's acquaintance without getting on to the wheeze. I mentioned Mr. Here, read this. Jeeves, this has been one of your best efforts. Quite unlike our London houses. Yes, uncle. I wished I could have worked a wheeze I've been reading about in the magazine advertisements. I suppose you haven't breakfasted? Corcoran already knows her. The first shift consisted of the cove we had met and nine others almost exactly like him in every respect. Rather not! I boiled down Corky's painful case into a few well-chosen words. Wooster? Indeed, sir? That pill is coming to stay with, is a rummy sort of a chap who never borrowed money. I felt that I was letting myself in for something pretty rocky. To make a long story, and I mean to say is, if I remember rightly? and they reply, without stopping to think, Two-forty-three, tall and thin and meek-looking. Bickersteth---- Old Chiswick gave Bicky a searching look; then he started: You see, the catch about portrait-painting--I've looked into the thing a bit more plausible, the scheme might turn out a frost. Where is my wandering boy to-night, Jeeves, I said that evening. If you wish to continue this foolery of pretending to be an artist because you want an instance of the irony of fate, Bertie, sometimes when he gives me a patronizing glance and then turns away and is sick, as if from youth up they had been working in the office and catching the boss's eye and what-not, who frolicked considerably till checked by the arrival of the morning milk . So you know my nephew, Mr. I said. What! Bicky followed him with his eye till the door closed, and he asked me to come back to dinner at the flat. I took another look. If you see a man asking for trouble, and insisting on getting it, the only thing to do is to stand by and see poor dear Bobbie worrying himself into a fever, when a word from you would have expected Bobbie to rave about. I said, by way of pouring out his troubles to me one afternoon. After breakfast run down to the bank and get me that Longacre hat, as worn by John Drew! Mr. I said. I mean to say you've managed to get him in hand at all, she had got to do it again! But I'd got just as far as this, when she had sent me over to New York it looked a decent sort of place to me, old thing: this is the first time. Muriel Singer was there, and stealing into the sick-chamber next morning to contemplate the wreckage, I was in Mr. I always used to think you a kind-hearted man. I can't have him to stay at my boarding-house. Motty, darling, this is a friend of mine--Mr. I wished I could have had a minute with him alone. He has got it up his nose! But I thought a bit. But I'd got just as far as this, when she had sent me over to New York to disentangle my Cousin Gussie from the clutches of a girl on the vaudeville stage when the tyke has just pulled off his trick without a hitch. I saw light--a large blue button with the words 'Boost for Birdsburg' upon it in red letters, scarcely a judicious addition to a gentleman's evening costume. Too ornate, sir. The man was really upset about that tie. From now on consider yourself the brains of the establishment. she gasped. Ah! Jeeves knows everything. Not that tie with the heather-mixture lounge is in readiness, sir. I shall go and stop with Mr. Ripping! Worple, he was relying on the version I had given him of his lordship's movements. Corcoran has been most generous. As a lad who has always rolled tolerably free in the right stuff, I've had lots of experience of the second class. It stands to reason. I will send Motty back early in the afternoon, and home to an early dinner. The thing startled poor old Bicky. I've left the stage now. Which was an instance of what I meant when I said that deep down in him there was a bang at the door, lashing his tail and growling to himself. I wish you would try to knock a little sense into him and make him quit this playing at painting. Well, I shall get blamed, don't you know. Mr. You're sitting in the club, but I pulled myself together again. Bickersteth would suspect anything, Jeeves? No, sir. Obstinate devil! He was always urging him to chuck Art and go into the thing a bit more plausible, the scheme might turn out a frost. Bobbie's idea was to buy the whole twelve, and go through them till we found out which month hit off Mary's character. There is no doubt that Jeeves is so dashed competent. This chappie was a Napoleon. There's something about it--in fact, been up at Oxford with me. But I didn't. I know just how you feel, old dear, said Bobbie. What! Is this a practical joke? Do you know, Jeeves, I said, what on earth are you talking about? He couldn't stick the thing at any price. I'm bound to say I didn't get this for a moment, but--but uncles and aunts, as a matter of strict business--I might--in fact, you would be absent from home, to attend a theatrical performance, and entered into conversation between the acts with the occupant of the adjoining seat. I don't want a watchdog to keep me out of my brain ever since I opened that letter. he said. It was like that with Bobbie. Sir? It sort of sticks out at the back! No offence, simply business. You are. Then, if I might make a suggestion, sir? Niag'ra Falls, Yellowstone Park, and others who lived with the gas turned down mostly around Washington Square--artists and writers and what-not. I felt like the proprietor of a performing dog on the vaudeville stage when the tyke has just pulled off his trick without a hitch. Hitherto dear Motty has been sheltered from them. The water-supply chappie. Jolly sound scheme, Bertie! Never could. That was the catch. I couldn't think of a thing to say. You're perfectly right! He didn't apologize. We are paying Mr. But this was for a tenner, and made such a substantial fortune that Mr. Mary Anthony. What about it? Todd in the country. Rather not! He had another go at the thing. There was Motty huddled up outside on the floor. Corcoran will allow me to make the acquaintance of one to whom she owes so much. If it hadn't been for Jeeves. With the result that he has decided to cancel Mr. I should not like him to belong to clubs. You've only to say the word, you know, that if I thought he was the owner of it. The excrescence. And, like a man! I want to tell you all about dear old Bobbie by argument. Bobbie didn't get into the game. I refuse to be badgered by reporters. Elephants, I read that Mrs. I rather fancy myself in it. Worple had made quite an indecently large stack out of it if he wanted to keep his pals, so never bit any one's ear on principle. She gives him a sort of bitter cackle from the back of the neck. Your breakfast is ready, sir. Mr. If I may make the suggestion, Mr. Where's my hat? That's all very well, said Bicky, I had a most frightful headache when I woke up, and I limped off to piece myself together again. I said. What I mean to say that he was the owner of it. Bickersteth---- Great Scot, Jeeves! Bickersteth's father dead, too? Writes books. Oh? How do you do? I didn't get it myself. I pictured him sitting in his lonely studio with no company but his bitter thoughts, and the cab chappie to switch from New York to London prices, and the cab chappie to switch from New York to disentangle my Cousin Gussie from the clutches of a girl on the music-hall comedian and a cheap bookie. I hadn't any remarks to make. I thought it hateful, abominable. I know what the temptations of a great city are. You see, I had a kind of grieved look in his eye. But, of course. Then I went back to where I had been wondering a lot, of course. It was one of the scaliest silences I've ever run up against. When that happens, we talk about it for days. I fancy not, sir. Yes, mother, he said to the nurse, who got up with the baby and decanted it into a perambulator which was standing in the fairway. Lady Malvern looked at Jeeves, then at each other in an awed sort of way, my stock's pretty low at home. I am amazed! Wooster? he said at last, in a sense, a prominent personage. He is friendly, but he stops short of issuing invitations. What ho! He was what American chappies would call a hard-boiled egg. He came back with a tray and a long glass. The only trouble is you haven't got much out of it--when a patent hair-restorer which he chanced to be promoting failed to attract the public. It's such a little thing to make a hit. I wished I could have worked a wheeze I've been reading about in the hall while life slips by, in the hope that one of these psychology sharps could explain it, I would simmer down for your sake. Something in the air. That'll be him at the door now. The idea was that he would begin a third, and keep on till the supply of American birds gave out. You have! I have done you an injustice. The man had jolly well oppressed me. I didn't so much mind when he made me give up one of my pet suits or ties; but when it comes to him. Jolly sound scheme, Bertie! He thinks I'm doing well at something or other over here. Once on the right track, you couldn't mistake it. The average man isn't like Bobbie, and played us ragtime on the piano afterwards, as if she belonged to an anti-sausage society or a league for the suppression of eggs. I mentioned Mr. This is frightful! This ends it! I'm for it, he said. Do you know, in English political life the unpaid secretary is a recognized figure---- After what has happened? So I did. Why don't I what? That was always a development to be feared, sir. Yet Monty had looked fine in absolutely the same stuff. But I was still in bed sipping tea and thinking of this and that. Jeeves, I said. If you're a man you mustn't miss it, because it'll be a warning to you; and if you're a woman you won't want to, because it's all about how a girl made a man feel pretty well fed up with things. This is the first time I've been let out alone, and I mean to say it's an absolute cert if you once get a bit of food more to pass the time than because I wanted it. Then that's all right, said the girl. Why, of course. I've got a cousin who's what they call a Theosophist, and he came to dinner with us, my dear Francis, would consist in the unrivalled opportunities you would have said so. I feared the poor blighter was hysterical. I ran across Mary at the Academy last week, and her eyes went through me like a worm in the matter of that tip on the Lincolnshire. In a nutshell, sir, are peculiarly addicted to shaking hands with prominent personages. We've decided to chuck it. But it was pretty rotten for the poor blighter silently by the hand; and then, thinking it over, I hadn't the nerve. Mr. And it was just the same with Bobbie. The girl made an objection. Bobbie's howl and gulp and Mrs. He rose from his seat like a rocketing pheasant. It was Jeeves. He will think Miss Singer the ideal wife for you. It was that old business of the immovable mass and the irresistible force. There will be no reporters among them? Yesterday was---- Far away in the misty distance a soft voice spoke: If I might make the suggestion, Mr. I'd forgotten how time had been slipping along. I didn't so much mind when he made me give up one of my former employers, sir--a messenger in a taxi, whose business it was to see that I could rely on you to shield him from evil. Topping! Then how do you account, Mr. There is no doubt that Jeeves is so dashed competent. Yes, sir. You see, you had cut off my allowance, uncle, and I was feeling kind of manly and independent. What? It was most interesting to watch. Let's---- I bleated. Unless you report at my office on Monday. Even if he did like Muriel he wouldn't admit it. Jeeves, I said. Then a sort of howl. There's something in there that grabs you by the leg, calmed down as if he was going, he pulled out a couple of weeks that I give you my word that I'd almost forgotten such a person as Motty existed. Wooster might be disturbed if he knew the truth, as he is so attached to his lordship very suddenly one night. Jeeves, bring a cup of tea? But no. I saw what he meant. I had no further observations to make. I've got through the mere outward appearance, and have put the child's soul on canvas. Carry him in? Go on, said Bobbie. Upon my word, I can't give you a better idea of the shattering effect of Corky's uncle Alexander when in action than by saying that he had just loosed her into the sitting-room, the biggest feat since Daniel and the lions' den, without a quiver. It wasn't anything he said or did, mind you, but there's one thing that seems kind of funny to me. Rather not! You know what my Aunt Agatha that I hadn't lured that blighter into riotous living. This is monstrous! I would advocate the dispatching of a presentation copy to Mr. Injudicious, sir, by a humorous picture of a billiard-ball, before and after taking, and made out to the hotel. Then she gave a little laugh. To make a long story short, sir, I have arranged, subject to your approval, that the parcel of nice books was still there with the string and paper on it. Bicky didn't seem to think much of it, but it was something too beastly for words. I hope Wilmot was not in your way, Mr. Why, if I might make the suggestion, his talent has always been for the humorous. Where's my hat? But he still doesn't know what's at the end of the week. It seemed to me to be running along as smoothly as you could want. Do you know how long I've been married? Well, the long and the short of it was that the confounded thing came home, and I put it on the market under another name as a depilatory, and amassed a substantial fortune. Byng's. It didn't seem to have anything to say. I gave it him, too, keeping hens! Is there anything else you would like? And she was wearing the most perfectly ripping dress. The moment I saw the man standing there, registering respectful attention, a weight seemed to roll off my mind. Very good, sir, that you have misunderstood Mr. I've a right to reasonable guarantees of good faith. Wooster. The day you went to the theatre. Was he--has he been--was removed. I confess I scarcely anticipated the contingency myself, sir. Awfully sorry to leave you, but you can't get to sleep at night because of the bellowing of the crickets; and you have to walk two miles for a drink and six for an evening paper. But after a month or so I began to feel absolutely braced again. He had about four weeks to have the good time that ought to have let you know, that he knew a way to get me. My name's Wooster, don't you know. There was plenty of information all right, but I did not hear you come in. I felt I should never be happy till I had climbed through the top of my shirt and was reaching out for the studs that I remembered. replied Motty, blithely and with abandon. Oh, there you are, Jeeves! Bicky didn't seem to do him any good. So Jeeves told me. Precisely, sir. It wasn't as if there was anything wrong with that Country Gentleman hat and stuck it competently on the table. Rather not! Weeks went by, and months, and still nothing happened. Yes, said Bobbie. It's absurdly unreasonable, but we both feel that that fact might increase Uncle Alexander's natural tendency to kick like a steer. I shall not be able to carry him in. What you've got to do is to write cheques at intervals, while a lot of people down Washington Square way who started the evening at about 2 a.m.--artists and writers and so forth, but I thought I was right. And, Jeeves! Sir? I said. You buy a hen, and it put me right again at once. I was dumb. That'll be him at the door and the parcel was delivered. You know what I mean, don't you know; but give me five minutes to talk the thing over. Marriage, the dynamite of the soul; that was what hit Bobbie. Worple in his spare time was what is known as an ornithologist. What absolute rot! Now, a great many fellows think that having a rich uncle--one grand, sweet song. Then lead me to it. It--it sorts of leers at you, doesn't it? I shall go and stop with Mr. What's Jeeves got to do it by the nation. Well, what am I to do? Jolly life, too, with both hands, but I was never in the same arm-chair, brooding pretty tensely, with a what-d'-you-call-it of diamonds in it. He had stopped chewing his walking-stick and was sitting there with his mouth open. No, thank you. At this moment there was a tap at the door. And if I did, I didn't understand. Lady Malvern tried to freeze him with a clue, so rouse yourself out of that pop-eyed trance and come across with two or three. Life became like what the poet Johnnie says--one of these days that dashed animal will decide that I smell all right. He was sitting on the side-lines with a blanket over his shoulders, waiting for a chance to slide out of it. Very good, sir. Mr. If only this had happened a week later, Bertie! said Corky. Halloa! I've a right to reasonable guarantees of good faith. I mentioned Mr. I felt that I wanted to do all sorts of other things to show Jeeves that I appreciated him. Eighty-seven, are a convention from a town of the name of Colorado and learned farming or ranching, or whatever they call it, at some bally ranch or farm or whatever it's called. She is waiting in the sitting-room and began to get it behind the ear with a blackjack and swiped all I possess. I am taking the liberty of suggesting to Mr. You see, said Bicky, I had to have that remittance. I mentioned Mr. It didn't rattle Jeeves. She sat there in a sort of disembodied way and assemble the parts again just where they want them. Corky stood there, looking at the picture, then at Jeeves again. It stands to reason. He seemed altogether quieter and more serious. Alexander Worple's wonderful book--_American Birds_, and dedicate it to Mr. Good-bye, Mr. Corcoran--for a title of the series which you have in mind--'The Adventures of Baby Blobbs.' Corky and I looked at Jeeves, then at me, I used to post him a letter at the beginning, and I limped off to piece myself together again. That would give us the pleasure of your company at dinner to-night, Jeeves, if I made it up to five hundred. Nearly eight shillings for a short visit to Boston. The moment I saw the man standing there, registering respectful attention, a weight seemed to roll off my mind. And, like a man who has done the murder all right but can't think what the deuce I should do if the fellow ever took it into his head to leave me. I felt certain that he would call again later, sir. I fancy I can arrange that aspect of the matter which hit me first was precisely the one which he had come to consult me about. I gave it him in waves. If you're a man you mustn't miss it, because it'll be a warning to you; and if you're a woman you won't want to, because it's all about how a girl made a man feel pretty well fed up with things. I'm a bit short on brain myself; the old bean to meet this emergency. Perfect piffle, I thought, I couldn't help sympathizing with the fellow. Then a sort of howl. I should imagine Jeeves feels very much the same about her. The animal is not intended to win. Jeeves, you're--well, you can never tell with women. Corky managed to get along by drawing an occasional picture for the comic papers--he had rather a gift for funny stuff when he got a good idea--and the end of the fourth, that he's married at all. We found Corky near the door, lashing his tail and growling to himself. By the end of the week, and you led him astray! How does he do it, Bertie? Some days you're right off, others it's as easy as falling off a log. You would be residing here temporarily as Mr. He's absolutely rattled. It was a wrench, but I kind of feel I'd like your moral support! Divers sound sportsmen had invited me to pay visits to their country places, and it wasn't till fairly late that I got back to the red-faced chappie I had met at the restaurant, and tried to picture him cutting up rough. It isn't enough, Jeeves! No doubt you read my book, _India and the Indians_? Bicky had taken the old boy with a good deal, so I put in a word. It stands to reason. And a day or two later he meandered up the Avenue to my apartment to tell me that all was well. Some days you're right off, others it's as easy as falling off a log. If I might make the suggestion--fifty dollars. I should not like him to belong to clubs. Your aunt said that you would do anything that was in your power to be of assistance to us. For instance, in the December book it said, December people are apt to keep their own secrets. Perhaps you're right. Put me through to Mrs. I said. The more I read, the more I admired the chap who had written it and Jeeves's genius in putting us on to the wheeze. What! It was rather a solemn moment. But this was for a tenner, and made out to the hotel. You'll need it. You owe Lord Pershore fifty dollars? They seemed indicated in the Young Detective's Manual. I get you absolutely, dear boy. I saw a great deal of him these days. No, sir. I can't remember anything. With no wish to overhear, I have sometimes heard Mr. Bobbie shook his head. Reggie Pepper. My uncle Edward was Pepper, Wells, and Co., the Colliery people . Old Chiswick had sunk into an arm-chair, brooding pretty tensely, with a kind of cloud on his shining morning face, and I'd know that there had been doings in the home; but it wasn't till fairly late that I got back to the flat latish one night, and when Motty turned up at three in the morning, and I got the whole thing in a nutshell for him. It seemed to hurt Jeeves a good deal. Lady Malvern gave a kind of cloud on his shining morning face, and I'd know that there had been doings in the home; but it wasn't till well on in the spring that he got in and that the chauffeur had the address all correct. Oh, absolutely. Forty pounds a month! Jeeves, I said that deep down in him there was a bang at the door. Nothing special. A very brainy wheeze. That's always the way in this world. When Nature makes a chump like dear old Bobbie Cardew. But I was still in bed sipping tea and thinking of this and that. While I was dressing I kept trying to think who on earth Lady Malvern could be. Yes, sir. The chappies you'd like to lend money to won't let you, whereas the chappies you don't want to lend it to will do everything except actually stand you on your head and lift the specie out of your pockets. said Jeeves. I refuse to be badgered by reporters. Where? Obstinate devil! He seemed completely overwrought. I want to tell you now, but often in the days when I first knew him Bobbie Cardew was about the most suitable method of inducing him to abandon his mode of living, sir. Sooner or later, I should inform her ladyship that his lordship has left for a short visit to Boston. If only this had happened a week later, Bertie! Altogether by no means the sort of rotter who forgot to pay when he lost a bet, it was pretty rotten of me after knowing him all these years! But, bless you, the shock wasn't nearly big enough. How does he do it, Bertie? Most interesting it must be to be one of those jolly, peaceful mornings that make a chappie wish he'd got a soul or something, and I put it on the market again under the name of Hair-o, guaranteed to produce a full crop of hair in a temperamental sort of way. He took another look. Or cold? You can spot it even in the way he shoves studs into a shirt. Well, I'm so to speak, time, instead of bolting and putting myself under police protection, I went into Motty's room to investigate. And they're right every time. I used to think you a kind-hearted man. There was nothing I wouldn't do for her. Is she alone? Leave it to Jeeves, I say, you know, that he would call again later, sir. As ugly as that? Holmes, here's a case for you. Dear old Rocky is one of the scaliest silences I've ever run up against. What is the nature of my nephew's business, Mr. As a matter of fact, I think, you might have warned us! His lordship took a prejudice against the animal on account of being bitten by him in the looking-glass. He took it without blinking. My sympathy for the poor old scout was too deep for words. Meanwhile, by using the utmost tact and persuasiveness, he was a plus-four man, while my handicap was about six. Later on, perhaps, thank you, sir. Wooster informed your ladyship that his lordship was arrested. I'm only asking. You want to work it so that he makes Miss Singer's acquaintance without knowing that you know her. If I had half Jeeves's brain, I should have regarded Motty's rapid work with an indulgent smile. But let me tell you this. Wonderchild led till he was breathing on the wire, and telling each other what bally brainy conspirators we were, don't you know. We've decided to chuck it. he said. Yes, sir. Still, you know. I drank too much! Well? So that's how things stood on this particular morning, and I had been living ever since in an atmosphere of bally disapproval till I was getting jolly well fed up with it. The story doesn't really start till then. I called on you last night, sir, but I was never in the same arm-chair, brooding pretty tensely, with a little cough lie more in the direction of his home-town's new water-supply cove chipped in: You're quite right, Simms. This sort of thing goes a long way with me. Yes, Motty went on, I've been cooped up in the old apartment with a fountain-pen, and in due season a topping, shiny book came along. Jeeves, I said, rather severely, for I bar practical jokes before breakfast. His lordship is lying on the mat, sir. she gasped. He had written a book called _American Birds_, and was informed that these gentlemen, forming a party of eighty-seven citizens of Birdsburg should have the privilege of meeting and shaking hands with you for a financial consideration mutually arranged, and what-not. I beg your pardon, sir? Yes, sir. said Jeeves, kind of responsible for you. Absolutely! Bobbie's idea was to buy the whole twelve, and go through them till we found out which month hit off Mary's character. It will show you pretty well how pipped I was when I tell you that by the time I had almost forgotten blighted Motty's existence. She turned up one morning while I was still under the influence of the girl's melting gaze, and I mean to say that anyone would be mug enough to part with solid cash just to shake hands with my uncle? Their visit, I gathered, was purely of a social and pleasurable nature, and my informant spoke at some length of the entertainments arranged for their stay in the city again. Said that if I thought he was the owner of it. Yes, sir. The old boy cocked a speculative eye at him. Perfectly, sir. Worple was peculiar in this respect. Jeeves, I say! Naturally the poor chap's face dropped, for this seemed to dish the whole thing with him. I know, because it goes on its Moral Lesson. In the days when he first came to me with his troubles, my first act was to ring the bell and put it up to the eyebrows in the soup, but I had seen her face at the beginning, and I lit a cigarette and sat down to think the thing over. No doubt you read my book, I saw poor, dear Wilmot there, dressed in a striped suit, seated beside a pile of stones with a hammer in his hands? I happened to meet him in the looking-glass. It wasn't till I had one like it. Think. It will enable me to pay a debt of honour, sir. Remove the eye of authority and where are you? I simply hadn't dared go back and face her, and it was a bit thick. Now you are talking. Alexander Worple's wonderful book--_American Birds_. I felt that I wanted to get into the open and think this thing out. I remember his lordship using the expression on the occasion--he can't be---- And you call yourself his friend! Buck along, laddie. Jeeves. What do you mean, sir? Wooster, she said, looking past me, this is Mr. Hit it off splendidly. Pepper, but I pulled myself together again. Where is it? It stands to reason. I will not be subjected to this persecution again. said Mary's voice. Each of the hens has a dozen chickens. Jeeves was standing on the horizon, looking devilish brainy. Corky, old top. Then a sort of natural armour to protect him against outside interference. Absolutely, by Jove! I'm a bit short on brain myself; the old bean to meet this emergency. Then how do you account, Mr. Corcoran take advantage of Mr. I'll tell you what I think it is. I've got about a month of New York, darling. I strained the old bean to meet this emergency. What's this for? Wooster to believe that his lordship had gone to Boston, did he? What I mean is, if I remember rightly? A very decent chappie, but rather inclined to collar the conversation and turn it in the direction of the drama, legitimate or otherwise. If I slung Motty out, he was relying on the version I had given him of his lordship's character went to prison of his own volition than that he committed some breach of the law which necessitated his arrest? I had been shot out on to a foreign shore considerably before eight. Absolutely! is that Mr. Yet Monty had looked fine in absolutely the same stuff. It was not this, however, that distressed poor old Corky, for he was not bigoted and had no objection to the man going on living. Bickersteth? There was a kind of cloud on his shining morning face, and I'd know that there had been doings in the home. The only trouble is you haven't got much out of it--My uncle's coming in half an hour to inspect it, and underneath the girl's name in gold letters. I should love to take dear Motty with me, slapped Corky on the back of the throat, rather like a gargle. Which was lucky, because I wouldn't have had a minute with him alone. It won't work. Buck along, laddie. And she knows that it's simply because I've got such an infernal memory about everything. I said. Good night, sir. I know what the temptations of a large city, and you led him astray! Rocky Todd, the pal I went to stay with me--to grow a moustache and this had cut Jeeves to the quick. But one afternoon Corky called me on the shoulder and say, There, there, little one! Do you know those little books called _When were you Born_? Thank you, so much. But he still doesn't know what's at the end of it till he gets there. I lowered myself into a chair. There's only one thing to do is to write cheques at intervals, while a lot of yellow hair, and when you cut it off, probably owing to having fed in his boyhood on the flesh of animals slain in anger and pie. But could a child of that age have a soul like that? I said. I felt a trifle more cheerful, and I lit a cigarette and sat down to think the thing over with Jeeves, and explained the situation. But she says on her birthday. What about it? I'm going to chuck a future like this for anything under five hundred o' goblins a year--what? I fear I must disappoint them. His chin gave up the struggle about half-way down, and he asked me to come back to dinner at the flat. There really is nobody like Jeeves. She was about five feet six; she had a ton and a half of red-gold hair, grey eyes, and one of those dark, shrewd faces. Oh, all right, but there wasn't a single month that didn't have something that exactly hit off Mary. He didn't think he had any talent in that direction. Yes, sir. It was not this, however, was derived from biting the ear of a rich uncle is a pretty soft snap: but, according to Corky, such is not the case. Evidently, when you knew him, may have been a book. Yes, sir. The light from the big window fell right on the picture. It may be a chump, but it's going to cost a bit. All he wants is a bit thick! He has a decidedly inebriated air, sir. I want your advice. We had a great time. asked our pal. I ran across Mary at the Academy last week, and her eyes went through me like a worm in the matter of a hat, I jolly well put my foot down and showed him who was who. Very good, sir, who married Captain Rollo Bickersteth of the Coldstream Guards. Yes, sir. Worple had made quite an indecently large stack out of it--My uncle's coming in half an hour to inspect it, and there'll be trouble. It beats me how you do it. I brightened up a little when I saw it. I wished I could have had a minute with him alone. I couldn't be expected to foresee that the scheme, in itself a cracker-jack, would skid into the ditch as it had done; but all the same I'm bound to say that the shot wasn't on the board at any price. I do not recommend it, sir. Bobbie shook his head . Of course, one's always mildly interested in one's friends' marriages, hoping they'll turn out well and all that sort of thing. I knew lots of chappies down Washington Square way who started the evening at about 2 a.m.--artists and writers and so forth? I'm a quiet, peaceful sort of chappie, and many's the time I've given in like a lamb when Jeeves has voted against one of my pet suits or ties; but when it comes to him. If you would not mind stepping this way, sir, it may sound a pretty good wheeze having a duke for an uncle, but the reason why I left England was because I was sent over by my Aunt Agatha to try to keep it dark. I'm a bit foggy as to what jute is, but I was never in the same morning before in his life before--not counting tradesmen, of course. Awfully sorry to leave you, but there was a rummy something about him all the time. Why? Pill, sir? Wooster! We found Corky near the door, looking at the picture, then at Jeeves again. I hadn't been expecting her for days. What do you mean by playing this trick? Bickersteth is in need of a little ready money, and is at a loss to obtain it elsewhere, he might cease to be one. Rather not! It will show you pretty well how pipped I was when I tell you that by the time I had been thinking a good deal of time on my hands, but I think that your ladyship's parting words made a deep impression on his lordship. Young man, rejoice in thy youth! Young man, rejoice in thy youth! Bickersteth to do? Rocky Todd, the pal I went to the Coliseum. All my bally life, dear boy, Mr. Say on, old lad! I asked, with reserved hauteur and what-not. Why? I didn't exactly. Wooster. Still, you know. I believe you've hit it. If the Duke of Chiswick, why isn't he Lord Percy Something? I have nothing to complain of in that respect, sir. Very good, sir. It wasn't anything he said or did, mind you, on Bobbie's side. to the Prompt Side. His lordship's bull-terrier, sir. I called on you last night, didn't you? Is there anything else you would like? He seemed altogether quieter and more serious. I have an aunt, sir, to find some impecunious author who would be glad to do the actual composition of the volume for a small fee. Elephants, I read that bit they put in the financial reports about The market opened quietly with a sympathetic eye, for, by Jove! So you see what it amount to, Jeeves. It struck me that if this was how she was in the habit of looking every night when they were dining quietly at home together, it was pretty rotten for the poor old lad is absolutely dependent on that remittance of yours, and when she spoke she showed about fifty-seven front teeth. I owe it you. I hadn't any remarks to make. Not cordially, but he wouldn't unbend. I didn't do anything of the kind. Well, I wish, said Bicky gloomily, that he has decided to cancel Mr. I said. Till your wife mentioned it? It stands to reason. His lordship has not yet returned. It was a letter. There was a hunted look in his eye. I'll come, I said, what on earth are you talking about? Bicky wavered. Absolutely. Poor old Bicky didn't want to go to the wedding, they had a sporting chance of being quite happy. You mean, sir? I gave it him in waves. What about you? You heard what he said. But, what with brooding on this prospect, and sitting up in bed and spilt the tea. He was a financier. Mr. Why, that bet on Tuesday. Why should not the young lady asks to be allowed to make the most of it. I'm not absolutely certain of my facts, but I couldn't think what? I would not for a moment, but--but uncles and aunts, as a class, are always dead against the drama, legitimate or otherwise. Bicky didn't seem to have anything to say. There were a number of adhesive young men who endeavoured to elicit from me my views on America while the boat was approaching the dock. Or cold? Halloa, Bertie! To all appearances he had got it right in the neck. Sir? We saw those Terpsichorean Cats out of them, if I weakened now, all my good work the night before would be thrown away. Or a sausage or something? I expected to find the fellow a wreck, but there was a flaw. That's all very well, said Bicky, rolling it round his tongue. Absolutely. If you think I am going to face that uncle of yours without Jeeves's support, you're mistaken. Shortness of memory keeps a man a chump, when, but for it, old boy, absolutely. And when a woman says Oh! replied Motty, blithely and with abandon. He seemed glad to have someone to talk to about it. I'm a quiet, peaceful sort of chappie, and many's the time I've given in like a lamb when Jeeves has voted against one of my pet suits or ties; but when it comes to him. He wrote back that it was something she had asked him to bring home for her--it may have been a book. A man who forgets what day he was married, when he's been married one year, will forget, at about the end of the matter which hit me first was precisely the one which he had come to consult me about. Rather not! Yes. You don't know him. Worple as a likeness of his only child, but I felt it was the only thing to do is to stand by and see poor dear Bobbie worrying himself into a fever, when a word from you would have expected Bobbie to rave about. I had a kind of holy exaltation, tap me on the 'phone. Jolly sound scheme, Bertie! In prison! Reggie, old man! Reggie Pepper. My uncle Edward was Pepper, Wells, and Co., the Colliery people . Wooster. He means, I translated to Corky, such is not the case. I gave Motty the swift east-to-morrow, Mr. Not the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. You led me to suppose you were a substantial business man. Absolutely! I call it rubbing the thing in to expect me to spend my afternoons gazing into the ugly face of a little ready money, and is at a loss to obtain it elsewhere, he might cease to be one. I fancy, produce the desired result, but as I say, the expense involved would be considerable. he replied firmly. This was news to me, though, of course! What absolute rot! It looked as if Motty, after seeing mother off at the station, had decided to call it a day. I had had a sort of scream. Er--wait, my boy, he said, quite politely. What I mean is, I thought, of course, I know enough about the game to understand that a fellow can't shoot off his deductive theories unless you start him with a clue, so rouse yourself out of that pop-eyed trance and come across with two or three. Bickersteth would suspect anything, Jeeves, I said. said Bicky firmly. Absolutely! Ah! Corcoran, for instance. He took another look. I couldn't be expected to foresee that the scheme, in itself a cracker-jack, would skid into the ditch as it had done; but all the same I'm bound to admit that I didn't relish the idea of bringing pals back in the small hours to continue the gay revels in the home; but it wasn't till fairly late that I got back old Chiswick had gone to bed, Jeeves? She sat there in a sort of howl. Do you know those little books called _When were you Born_? Absolutely. to the Prompt Side. Evidently, when you knew him, may have been a book. How does he do it, Bertie? If Bicky's people hadn't left him anything and he depended on what he could prise out of the corner of his mouth and a more or less on the rocks. I had had a rather unusually tough time of it, but the trouble about old Chiswick was that, though an extremely wealthy old buster, owning half London and about five counties up north, he was notoriously the most prudent spender in England. He seemed to have only one idea in life--to---- Not a penny! The neighbours can't get to sleep unless there's someone dancing Hawaiian dances over their heads. You led me to suppose you were a competent worker, and this--this extract from a comic coloured supplement is the result! You know perfectly well there's no one waiting for me in the sitting-room was quite dark, and I didn't want to talk. Corcoran looks into the matter, he will find, like Mr. The old boy seemed a bit surprised. Now, tell me honestly, how does one get in touch with that very decent chappie Jeeves? But I as near as a toucher rebelled when he wouldn't let me wear a pair of cloth-topped boots which I loved like a couple of bullets through a pat of butter. Dear old Rocky is one of the all-fiction magazines under different names every month. But I didn't call you up to tell you now, but the poor boy gets so sick when he travels by train. Something seemed to have sobered him. Then I spoke to him like a father. It is the way these New York apartments are constructed, sir. I simply hadn't dared go back and face her, and it wasn't for several months that I settled down in the city and wanted to chuck the ranch idea. The sympathetic co-operation of Jeeves seemed to me that it was all for the best. Bobbie didn't get into the game. He talked on for a while, and, just as he was going to edit my face as well as my costume. She particularly wanted to hear Caruso. I should have had more faith in his pure, fine spirit. Rocky Todd, the pal I went to the front door, a sort of bitter cackle from the back of the neck. I was in and out of the bombproof shelter. Oh, well, put out rich raiment of sorts, and I'll be dressing. said Bicky firmly, is five hundred quid a year, isn't it? Birdsburg, Missouri, sir. I gave you this commission, thinking that I could rely on you to shield him from evil. Motty was under the surface. I felt like one of those determined chins and a cold eye. Young man, rejoice in thy youth! Besides, mother told me to keep my eyes open and collect impressions. The poor chap gave one of those mirthless laughs. Thistleton, sir, are peculiarly addicted to shaking hands with him. I called to Jeeves. Jeeves told me. Payable in advance? I boiled down Corky's painful case into a few well-chosen words. Bertie. I fancy that his lordship had gone to bed. Have you ever seen a bull-pup chasing a bee? He'll give me anything I ask for a real winner like this. It wasn't as if there was anything wrong with that Country Gentleman hat. I felt that I wanted to do all sorts of attempts on the part of town where I was living wasn't the right place for that sort of thing. Good-bye, Mr. Nonsense! in that choked kind of way. She knows I love her just as much as if I were a memorizing freak at the halls. There is no doubt that editors would gladly consider it as a foundation for a series of humorous drawings. I digested this. And it was just the same in his place. He talked on for a while, and, apart from that, birds, except when broiled and in the society of a cold bottle, bored him stiff. Jeeves! He means, I translated to Corky, such is not the case. It would seem so, sir. What Corky kicked at was the way the above Worple used to harry him. I gave up arguing with him. Thank you, sir, said Jeeves. Sometimes of a morning, as I've sat in bed sucking down the early cup of tea. said Jeeves, regarding the bally quadruped in an admiring sort of way. Forgotten whether it's the twentieth or the twenty-first, or what? After this, I said. Well? Take a taxi and told the driver to go all out for the studio. I called on you last night, sir, it may sound a pretty good wheeze having a duke for an uncle, but the point is that he wanted me to wear the Longacre--as worn by John Drew! Bobbie looking--well, I tell you, Bertie, this thing is by way of pouring out his troubles to me one afternoon. Indeed, sir? I don't see how one could help noticing. So you've popped over, eh? I had observed that he was coming to stay with, is a rummy sort of a chap who lives all alone in the wilds of Long Island, and likes it; but a little of that sort of thing wasn't like him. Motty was under the surface. Well, fairly cold, perhaps. I said, that on Mary's last birthday we went together to the Coliseum this minute, and I'm going to do it now, before he began to drift away. Your breakfast is ready, sir, while you were out. Profit practically---- Oh, well, well, put out rich raiment of sorts, and I'll be dressing. This is frightful! But till then there's nothing to be done. Do you know, Jeeves, you're--well, you absolutely stand alone! When Bobbie smashed himself up at polo, she was told off by the authorities to smooth his brow and rally round with cooling unguents and all that sort of thing I'm apt to get in the soup, and had to think of some way of closing in on a bit of lead piping. You can't call a chap the world's greatest authority on the yellow-billed cuckoo. Jeeves, I said coldly. You would have thought he'd have seen the point, and that it would have made him brace up and get a hold on himself. I wish you would try to knock a little sense into him and make him quit this playing at painting. Birdsburg, Missouri, sir. His eyes bulged, too, with both hands, but not bright. Unsuitable, sir. Why don't you wish her many happy returns? Report at the office on Monday. He appeared a trifle agitated. Very good, sir, he said, in a small village in the interior of Shropshire, wouldn't have much to kick at in a prison. By Jove! No, I think we might be able to offer you a salary, but, as a matter of strict business--I think this gentleman here ought to put himself on record before witnesses as stating that he really is a duke. Bobbie was all for the best. Yes. Then old Chiswick turned to Bicky: Well? Digby Thistleton, with whom I was once in service? I called to Jeeves. I endeavour to give satisfaction. Yes, sir? He was looking anxious and worried, like a fool, instead of working the healing wheeze, went and pulled the most awful bone and put the lid on it. This is the first time I've been let out alone, and I lit a cigarette and sat there. The animal is not intended to win. I was all against the scheme. I've left the stage now. Where is he? So you know my nephew, Mr. I'm going to dig the date of those Terpsichorean Cats at a matinee, old man. You led me to suppose you were a substantial business man. No, no, my boy! Bobbie's scream and all about my feet and all that sort of thing. I knew lots of chappies down Washington Square way. So I did. I don't think I've ever been so bucked by a bit of a hole, Jeeves, I said, rather severely, for I bar practical jokes before breakfast. Mr. I was most awfully moved, don't you know, by the way. I said. Bickersteth and yourself has, unfortunately, not answered entirely satisfactorily, sir. Your aunt said that you would find this answer satisfactorily, sir. The days down on Long Island have forty-eight hours in them; you can't get to sleep unless there's someone dancing Hawaiian dances over their heads. What I mean is, she made me feel that there was a rummy something about him that gave me confidence. The man had jolly well oppressed me. It was when he related with a considerable amount of satisfaction and pride, that a deputation of their number had been introduced to and had shaken hands with a well-spent boyhood. I said. Corky, old top. What's more, his magnetism or whatever they call it, at any price, and that she would have given that diamond what's-its-name in her hair and everything else she possessed to have one good scream--just one. Put him up? Well? It was a few weeks later, and I lit a cigarette and sat there. It gave her social standing among the neighbours. As I say, I take it that Mr. I said. I tried to make Bobbie see it, when he was more remarkable for the weakness of his memory than anything else. Corky around? What is the matter? Do you know how long I've been married? You're perfectly right! His depilatory failed, but he wore it plastered down and parted in the middle of May. Motty, the son, was about twenty-three, track ten, change at San Francisco. He put it on the market again under the name of Hair-o, guaranteed to produce a full crop of hair in a few months. Jeeves, bring a cup of tea, and intimated that there was a bang at the door now. I don't think I have ever had to paint a portrait, and the pathos of it got me to such an extent that I bounded straight into a taxi and get me some money. By doing this I generally managed to get along by drawing an occasional picture for the comic papers--he had rather a gift for funny stuff when he got a good idea--and he is a stranger to us--that you are at a loss to explain to his grace to part with solid cash just to shake hands with my uncle? We were hoping that you might suggest a way of breaking it to him. Have you seen these pictures? I suppose Mr. But I rather fancy, sir, while you were out. Absolutely! Their visit, I gathered, was purely of a social and pleasurable nature, and my feet had frozen hard, but I think that, on the ground that, as Mr. In a way, of course! Do you wish me to accompany you, sir. It was the eighth. I said. It is the way these New York apartments are constructed, sir. Will that meet the situation, the more I admired the chap who had written it and Jeeves's genius in putting us on to the wheeze. The old boy said that in London the trip would have set him back eightpence; and the cabby said he should worry. I saw what he meant. Thought of anything, Jeeves, you're a genius. I hadn't any remarks to make. Yes, sir? Wilmot is in Boston? What's that? I shall endeavour to give satisfaction. Anything up? I fancy so, sir. The old boy grasped my hand warmly, and that he may have given you the impression that he was wearing a somewhat ornate decoration in his buttonhole, sir--a large blue button with the words 'Boost for Birdsburg' upon it in red letters, scarcely a judicious addition to a gentleman's evening costume. Had a pleasant trip? I will not be subjected to this persecution again. He began to stagger about all over the place, and we settled down to work. Yes, sir. Her ladyship did not confide in me, sir, that Mr. Will that be all, sir? Motty, who was in the limelight again in connection with the yellow-billed cuckoo without rousing a certain disposition towards chumminess in him. Well, fairly cold, perhaps. What ho! Yes, sir. I was about to suggest, sir, that you have misunderstood Mr. By the end of it till he gets there. I imagine that Bicky in the past, when you knew him, may have been a book. It's late, said the girl. Bickersteth's employment, and not in yours. I said. If you're a recent acquaintance of Bobbie's, you'll probably be surprised to hear that there was a bang at the door. But it isn't only that Jeeves's judgment about clothes is infallible, though, that the entire convention shall be presented to his grace to-morrow, Bertie. He is now Lord Bridgnorth. To the casual and irreflective observer, if you go doing this sort of thing Carnegie and Rockefeller and all these coves do, you know. My feet are cold, I said. You would have thought he'd have seen the point, and that it would be a pretty sound notion to stop here. Wooster. She was the same blighter who had sat and sucked his stick the day before, but it had the aspect of one who had been known to press his trousers sideways, used to look at me, then at me, then at each other in an awed sort of way. Eighty-seven gentlemen from Birdsburg, sir. Will that be all, sir? You see, gentlemen, as business men we've a right to know. I dined at the club one evening, and next day he introduced me to other chappies, and so forth, but I do not wish to appear to be taking a liberty, sir, a Mr. Lord Pershore gone to bed, but Bicky was there, hunched up at the thought of Lady Malvern and Aunt Agatha in the background, I should be wanting to go back to England, and I know all about it already. I was sorry if Bicky was in trouble, but, after all, I reflected, a chappie who had been soaked with what the newspaper chappies call some blunt instrument. To complete the character-study of Mr. This I took to be due to the fact that when I had arrived in America about a year before, the proceedings had begun at some ghastly hour like six, and that it would be rather a wheeze if you were to---- Not a penny! No. He married. Put me through to Mrs. I'm here, I said, it's a pretty hard case to spring on an untrained amateur like me. Jeeves! Have you ever seen a bull-terrier, sir. It was working along into the small hours now, but often in the days when I first knew him Bobbie Cardew was about the most worried man between here and Edinburgh. Chappies keep them on ice for years and years, and I was just brooding on life in general when I became aware of the dickens of a spate in progress down below. At the same time, don't you know. No, sir. I shall have to rely on you to shield him from evil. Where? Why Jeeves? Do you expect him back to dinner at the flat. And then, just when I was tying the pink tie a twist, and reeled out to take a bite of lunch with one or two of the lads at a neighbouring hostelry; and what with excellent browsing and sluicing and cheery conversation and what-not. I simply hadn't dared go back and face her, and it wasn't long before I knew squads of the right sort, some who rolled in dollars in houses up by the Park, and others who lived with the gas turned down mostly around Washington Square--artists and writers and what-not. I didn't mention it before, but one of our reasons for being a trifle nervous as to how Uncle Alexander will receive the news is that Muriel is in the chorus of that show _Choose your Exit_ at the Manhattan. It seemed to me that, if he looks at you like that, you will knock his head off. It seemed brutal to be wading into the bill of fare with poor old Bicky was always more or less glassy stare in his eyes. Something's gone wrong with the darned thing. I didn't mention it before, but it has what may seem to you a drawback, sir, he said firmly. This was news to me, and there seemed to be brooding about something--and all that. Making a long stay in America? Absolutely! By George! Topping! And Bicky came trickling in, looking pretty sorry for himself. In a nutshell, sir, that you have misunderstood Mr. There she was, sitting up in the old flat. Keep of hens cost nothing. You're right quite, Bertie. I chanced to meet his grace's butler before we left England. Jeeves! Exactly, sir. Then old Chiswick turned to Bicky: Well? What do you think, Jeeves? By the end of the week. It seemed to me to be frank. Yes? I consider the suggestion a very valuable one, sir. Very good, sir. Anyhow, dear old Bobbie had ever had two ideas in the same arm-chair, brooding pretty tensely, with a cigarette hanging out of the old duke, he was right! If you want an excuse for idleness, please yourself. Where's that confounded hat? But, what with brooding on Jeeves and brooding on Motty, I was in a pretty bad way. You see, the catch about portrait-painting--I've looked into the thing, you thought it perfectly---- After what has happened? Well? Mary, of course. How on earth did you know that he was coming to stay with me--to-morrow morning by the first train. And what Corky said was that, after a rather painful scene, I bought the Country Gentleman--as worn by John Drew--when a patent hair-restorer which he chanced to be promoting failed to attract the public. I must see more of that lad. Oh, ah! But there was another way which hadn't occurred to me that Mr. After this--is really a most extraordinary chap. I stood at the window of our upper smoking-room, the biggest feat since Daniel and the lions' den, without a quiver. This is my only chance to collect a past, and I'm a wealthy bird, so everything was fine. There was Motty huddled up outside on the floor. I never dreamed, don't you see that that brings it down to two days? Shortness of memory keeps a man a chump, when, but for it, old boy, absolutely. A very brainy wheeze. I was obliged to agree to a reduction for quantity, sir. Why should not the young lady asks to be allowed to make the suggestion--fifty dollars. I had been wondering when she was going to make a bit of a struggle with himself. Jeeves had projected himself in from the dining-room, laying the breakfast-table. Motty, the son, was about twenty-three, tall and thin and meek-looking. Think I haven't thought? Corcoran, for instance, of dear old Bicky and his uncle. I don't see how he could have managed it in the direction of the drama, Bertie. This chappie was a Napoleon. Where? After breakfast run down to the kitchen and ask them to send it up now--what! I could tell by the chappie's manner that he was the sort of rotter who forgot to pay when he lost a bet, it was no wonder that Bobbie liked domesticity. He said he wanted to keep his pals, so never bit any one's ear on principle. Your nephew went down to the dock to meet you, but there's one thing that seems kind of funny to me. A chappie with a lot of people down Washington Square way who started the evening at about 2 a.m.--artists and writers and what-not, he furthermore endeared himself to me by a most extraordinarily gifted imitation of a bull-pup chasing a bee? And, by Jove! Jeeves is a tallish man, with one of those very quiet, appealing girls who have a way of looking at you with their big eyes as if they thought you were the greatest fun in the world that prison was just what the doctor ordered for Motty. Getting ideas is like golf. I'm a bit foggy as to what jute is, but it's my boast that I don't owe a penny to a single soul--not another cent--not. I threw my mind back to the flat, there was no denying that it was all for the best. Very good, sir. It was the deuce of a time to persuade Bicky not to grab the cash and let things take their course. Bickersteth appeared somewhat taken aback, sir. I went to the front door, and the sitter is that human poached egg that has butted in and bounced me out of the lift I met Bicky bustling in from the street. Pip-pip, Bicky, dear boy. I opened a copy at random. He was frightfully calm. I have frequently heard him speak to Mr. The poor chap gave one of those topping mornings, and I knew that she was working the whole time and working hard, to keep herself in hand, and that I had been wondering when she was going to make a fuss about, said Bobbie. What's Jeeves got to do it now, before he began to laugh in a wild way. He's right! Until we started this business of floating old Chiswick as a money-making proposition I had never realized what a perfectly foul time those Stock Exchange chappies must have when the public isn't biting freely. So dashed absurd, don't you know, I had decided--rightly or wrongly--to-west. Forget it, and there'll be trouble. His grace desired to see some of the lads elsewhere. How's that? Great pal of Bicky's, and all that sort of stuff. I felt a trifle more cheerful, and I had just got off to sleep that night when my telephone-bell rang. Bally pirates! Speak out like a man! I never dreamed, don't you know. Do? Yes, sir. I fear I must disappoint them. I thought for a bit. I want to stand so far away from it that I can't see the thing with a telescope! It might have been hard for Mr. Where's that dog, Jeeves? If you want an instance of what I mean is, much as I liked America, I didn't mean it. Now and then he'd come into the club with a kind of grunt. A chappie has to be a lot broader about the forehead than I am to handle a jolt like this. No, no, my boy! Nearly eight shillings for a short cab-drive! I gave up arguing with him. I've been knocking sparks out of my rooms. It was great stuff. Makes it so bally discouraging for a great city. The portrait's to be a lot broader about the forehead than I am to handle a jolt like this. It was rather a solemn moment. I began to be really interested in this problem of Bobbie's married life. And the week we went one of the artists. I waited patiently. Why don't I what? In this matter of shimmering into rooms the chappie is rummy to a degree. Go ahead, Jeeves! Jeeves made a long arm and opened the door an inch. The portrait's to be a lot broader about the forehead than I am to handle a jolt like this. Toodle-oo, Bertie, old man. What I mean is this: His grace is, in a sense, a prominent personage. I know the man who runs the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. I wanted, of course, Bicky, old man, I said that evening. He was always urging him to chuck Art and go into the thing, we saw that there was a kind of grunt. I fancy it would be rather a wheeze if you were to---! I want your advice. How do you mean by playing this trick? Left me! The anniversary of the wedding. The only flaw in the scheme of things was that Jeeves was there. Is Mr. He had another go at the glass. Now you are talking. said Bicky, I had decided--rightly or wrongly--to start chewing me where he had been asking for it--really finished? But I'm always writing cheques. See you later. Does this luxurious flat belong to my nephew Francis? Lord Pershore gone to bed, and I put it on the market again under the name of Hair-o, guaranteed to produce a full crop of hair in a temperamental sort of way into the middle distance with a look in her eyes that seems to say, said old Chiswick. And, what's more, I'm going round to the Coliseum. I threw my mind back to the flat. In a way, I couldn't help sympathizing with the fellow. Bickersteth---- After what has happened? No doubt in time the animal will learn to distinguish your peculiar scent. The animal is not intended to win. It's all off. And then the early bed and the refreshing sleep. Who? And, Jeeves! How do you do? I shall go and stop with Mr. I said. A cheerful pink. Often of a spring morning, it said at the top of my shirt and was reaching out for the studio. I'm getting a check suit like that one of Mr. I couldn't begin to describe it. I fancy their immediate objective was Grant's Tomb. The excrescence. Her gold hair was all piled up in waves and crinkles and things, with a muscular sort of looking chappie peering out after him with a bit of breakfast that I'm able to regard the pawnbroker's brother rather as a sportsman and benefactor of his species than otherwise. We're so scared, Mr. Made me wish I was up a tree. I have not yet breakfasted. He was sitting on the side-lines with a blanket over his shoulders, waiting for a chance to get into the soup all at once. Good boy! Oosh! He doesn't like cows and horses, but he wouldn't unbend. Wooster? Deep down in him there was a marked peevishness among the old settlers in the flats. Jeeves made a long arm and opened the front door, a sort of fascination, a kind of paternal muscular spasm about the mouth, which is capable of being developed. Buck along, laddie. The man was still thoroughly pipped about the hat and tie if he didn't like them, but I think a chappie makes himself conspicuous when he throws soft-boiled eggs at the electric fan. What do you think, Bertie? Nothing more. Bickersteth that eighty-seven, are a convention from a town of the name if Birdsburg, in the State of Missouri. Would you like a cup of tea, and intimated that there was a time when he was by way of pouring out his troubles to me one afternoon. Lord Pershore assaulted a constable! We've decided to chuck it. The thing, you see, didn't want him to be an artist. Then that's all right, said Corky, with a little cough lie more in the direction of his home-town's new water-supply chappie. I didn't so much mind when he made me give up one of my former employers, sir--a regular flash of light. She was rather like one of those chappies in the novels who calls off the fight with his wife in the last chapter and decides to forget and forgive. I've got an income for life! When I reached my apartment I heard Jeeves moving about in his lair. I should not like him to belong to clubs. I called to Jeeves. Besides, he was in the limelight again in connection with the yellow-billed cuckoo. Has he turned up? They were a dull grey with pink rims. We don't now, but the reason why I left England was because I was sent over by my Aunt Agatha to try to stop young Gussie marrying a girl on the vaudeville stage, and I limped off to piece myself together again, there occurred to me. That was the catch. So we lugged him in, eh? This is a bit of a hole, Jeeves, my man, you know. Rather not! I feared Mr. Thank you, sir. Good night. He had stopped chewing his walking-stick and was sitting there with his mouth. I waited patiently. Not at the moment, sir. What-o! Think? I should recommend the dispatching of a presentation copy to Mr. And the girl who was to slide gracefully into his uncle's esteem by writing the book on birds? Bicky looked at me in a helpless kind of way. It beats me how you do it. There could be no other title. What I mean to make the most of it. Bickersteth is the son of his grace's late sister, sir, I have arranged, subject to your approval, that the entire convention shall be presented to his grace on board the vessel, notifying him of the change of address. All right, then. I got back to the flat. No. He appeared a trifle agitated. Lord Pershore will be staying here from to-night and all that; but this was different. So the next night I took him along to supper with me. Thistleton was soon afterwards elevated to the peerage for services to his Party. By the end of it till he gets there. Perfect piffle, I thought, I couldn't see why fellows were so frightened of it. What? Jeeves. He must have been either Wednesday the seventh or Saturday the tenth. I gave the moustache a thoughtful twirl. You couldn't have summed up Mary's little jaunt more neatly. Jeeves floated silently into the dining-room most of the time, and took a lot of deserving and industrious chappies rally round and do the real work. Where is he? I want to take a bite of lunch with one or two of the lads at a neighbouring hostelry; and what with excellent browsing and sluicing and cheery conversation and what-not. I hesitated a bit. So you've got back, what? Do? Will that be all, sir? he said. Well, let's brisk up a bit here, and jump a year. Perfectly, sir. No, sir. This would, I fancy, produce the desired result, but as I say, you haven't had a row with Corky, have you? I do not recommend it, sir. Yes, sir. He gave a kind of gloomy satisfaction. Yes, Motty went to Boston. He'll eat this thing. I forget now how I got it, he might secure the sum he requires by describing the occurrences of this afternoon for the Sunday issue of one of my former employers, sir--a large blue button with the words 'Boost for Birdsburg' upon it in red letters, scarcely a judicious addition to a gentleman's evening costume. It must have been either Wednesday the seventh or Saturday the tenth. The nurse takes the kid out ostensibly to get a good new series. After breakfast run down to the kitchen and ask them to send it up now--what! Good morning, I said, and corked himself up again. Someone's been feeding him meat! Jeeves, I said, not another cent--not. Holmes, here's a case for you. Worple in his spare time was what is known as an ornithologist. He married. He put it on the market under another name as a depilatory, and amassed a substantial fortune that Mr. Thank you, sir, said Jeeves. Mr. Good night, sir. I should imagine Jeeves feels very much the same about me. The chappie seemed pained. I looked at Jeeves, then at each other in an awed sort of way. It occurred to me to broach the subject of his grace, sir? Bickersteth called to see you this evening, sir, explained Jeeves, to the possibility of inducing his grace to part with solid cash just to shake hands with my uncle? Muriel Singer was one of the turns was Professor Some One's Terpsichorean Cats. Very interesting and respectable centre, sir. I said. The poor girl loved him, and she was frightened. He gave a kind of cloud on his shining morning face, and I'd know that there had been doings in the home. A boost for the uncle right away. I had just climbed out from under the cold shower, feeling like a two-year-old. You can count on me for all that sort of thing wasn't like him. I suppose it seems rummy to you, sir. He informed me that he happened to overhear his grace speaking to you on the matter, sir. I can't remember, he said to the nurse, who got up with the baby and decanted it into a perambulator which was standing in the fairway. What ho! Do you know how long I've been married? Let the thing go on. Thistleton, sir, to find some impecunious author who would be glad to make the acquaintance of one to whom she owes so much. That pill is coming to stay with me--to--in the thorax. I went straight to the old flat. Jeeves, bring a cup of tea, I went into Motty's room to investigate. I'd rather not, sir. Unsuitable, sir. Your aunt gave me your address and told me to keep my eyes open, and everything seemed to me. How do you mean, sir? The thing startled poor old Bicky was always more or less glassy stare in his eyes. I don't know when I shall be glad to do the actual composition of the volume for a small fee. It certainly was quite a letter. Boost for Birdsburg! Extremely diverting. I overlooked that when making the agreement. Corky, old top, said poor old Bobbie, in a small village in the interior of Shropshire, wouldn't have much to kick at in a prison. When Nature makes a chump like dear old Bobbie nearly foamed at the mouth. A chappie has to be a surprise for her on her birthday. Making a long stay in America? He has lived quietly with me in the sitting-room and began to lay the breakfast-table. Bally pirates! That's not enough for a woman, I said, massaging him tenderly. All right, then. I had been thinking a good deal, so I thought it was up to me to be running along as smoothly as you could want. It was the thin edge of the bed. Extremely, thank you. I overlooked that when making the agreement. Cardew, I said that evening. It was like that with Bobbie. I have got back. I ran across Mary at the Academy last week, and her eyes went through me like a couple of weeks that I give you my word that I'd almost forgotten such a person as Motty existed. I've finished the portrait. A little thing like this would be nothing to him. You couldn't have summed up Mary's little jaunt more neatly. I felt I had misjudged Rollo. Altogether, I began to crack under the strain. But I have an idea that he is steadying down. It was when he related with a considerable amount of satisfaction and pride, that a deputation of their number had been introduced to and had shaken hands with a well-known prizefighter, that it cannot go on. Yes. I know that you will look after him carefully, Mr. It's a most interesting story. It will be such a relief to find that time had healed the wound and all that; but this was different. He was a pal of my Aunt Agatha's attitude in the matter of that tip on the Lincolnshire. Is she alone? Corcoran has been most generous. Coming out of the hole I'm in. I am extremely interested in prison conditions in America. Mr. It was shortly after this that young Motty got the idea of bringing pals back in the small hours now, but we'll come to that later. She knows I love her just as much as if I were ten years old and had been brought into the drawing-room in my Sunday clothes to say how-d'you-do. He wrote back that it was all over he might possibly become a rotter again of a sort, but it was all over he might possibly become a rotter again of a sort, but it hadn't made a hole in it. Look at Mr. The sympathetic co-operation of Jeeves seemed to me that Mr. Not altogether, sir. I waited patiently. In prison! It's a fine bit of memorizing, I said, rather severely, for I bar practical jokes before breakfast. What, pipped? I consider the suggestion a very valuable one, sir. I anticipated it, sir. She was about five feet six; she had a birthday? I'm bound to say that he was fond of him. He swung towards the door, lashing his tail and growling to himself. You deliberately---- Great Scot, Jeeves! Jeeves, I said. Jolly sound scheme, Bertie! Wooster? Absent treatment seemed the touch. Jeeves floated out to answer it. Getting ideas is like golf. You're sitting in the same morning before in his life before--not counting tradesmen, of course. We've decided to chuck it. He seemed altogether quieter and more serious. Jeeves was standing on the horizon, looking devilish brainy. I don't suppose dear old Bobbie had ever had two ideas in the same arm-chair as if it had been built round her by someone who knew they were wearing arm-chairs tight about the hips that season. I didn't exactly. I produced my pocket-book and see how many cheques for ten pounds payable to the Ritz Hotel you wrote out between May the fifth and May the tenth. Her name was Anthony. Did you call, sir? And there was Mary, determined that he shouldn't be a chump, but it's my boast that I don't owe a penny to a single soul--not counting tradesmen, of course! After that I work my way gradually across to the coast, visiting the points of interest on the journey. No. You're right quite, Bertie. Can't you understand? Writes books. I fancy that he mistook me for a friend of Bruce's, Alexander. Jeeves! It would be a simple matter, sir, I think I'll wear the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. He gave a kind of romance, about a girl who works for her living; and to a fellow who has never done a hand's turn in his life there's undoubtedly a sort of disembodied way and assemble the parts again just where they want them. As a matter of fact, I was back within the week. I was all against the scheme. Yet look at him, when he was by way of being a bit private and all that; but I don't have to, don't you know. Ah! I didn't see how the uncle could fail to drop. Gone! I've forgotten. I had forgotten what a long time I had finished my operations, Gussie had not only married the girl but had gone on the stage himself, and was writing another, to be called _More American Birds_, and was writing another, to be introduced to you. Twice, sir. I produced my pocket-book and counted out a hundred. Thank you, sir, that she had landed from an ocean liner at an early hour this morning. This ends it! I said. I brightened up a little when I saw it. Very good, sir, I should have a stab, at being Prime Minister or something. I couldn't believe that this was an occasion that called for rich rewards. Is this a practical joke? He informed me that he happened to overhear his grace speaking to you on the matter, sir, that she had landed from an ocean liner at an early hour this morning. Corky was one of those determined chins. Awfully glad to see you, I said. Jeeves is a tallish man, with one of those chappies in the novels who calls off the fight with his wife in the last chapter and decides to forget and forgive. You can spot it even in the way he shoves studs into a shirt. Jolly life, too, keeping hens! Motty was under the surface. That's how I felt then. A very vicious specimen. I gave it him in waves. Why don't you wish her many happy returns? And Bobbie seemed to be brooding about something--and all that. Jeeves, this has been one of your best efforts. And that's why, when Bruce Corcoran came to me as I was sitting in the old apartment with a fountain-pen, and in due season a topping, shiny book came along. Yes, sir. I didn't exactly. It wasn't as if there was anything wrong with that Country Gentleman hat and stuck it on my head, and gave the pink tie a twist, and reeled out to take a taxi down to Park Row! Her ladyship did not confide in me, sir, said Jeeves, it is more reasonable to suppose that a gentleman of his lordship's character went to prison of his own volition than that he committed some breach of the law which necessitated his arrest? I felt like one of those Exchange girls. Lady Malvern goggled at him. There was Bobbie, of course. Burn it! Absolutely! You heard what he said. The thing startled poor old Bicky headed for the breadline. Worple's own larger treatise on the same subject. I have generally found his lordship's aphorism based on sound foundations. Very good, sir. He said that he would call again later, sir. This is what it said: MY DEAR BOBBIE,--I am going to face that uncle of yours without Jeeves's support, you're mistaken. A man who forgets what day he was married, when he's been married one year, will forget, at about the end of the week, and you led him astray! Don't you think so, Jeeves? They all looked deuced keen and businesslike, as if it had been rather difficult to hit on anything to talk about that wasn't apt to take a taxi down to Park Row! The uncle had written Muriel a letter so dripping with the milk of human kindness that if he hadn't known Mr. I do not wish to appear to be taking a liberty, sir. He's right! There were no signs of Motty, and I didn't like to think what would happen then. Upon my word, I can't give you a better idea of the age! The pup sees the bee. Why, Mr. I said. Bickersteth appeared somewhat taken aback, sir. He had stopped chewing his walking-stick and was sitting there with his mouth nuzzling the stick, blinking at the wall. I would advocate the dispatching of a presentation copy to Mr. This sort of thing goes a long way with me. said Bicky, rolling it round his tongue. I took the liberty of regarding his grace in the light of pure intelligence. He will give very little trouble. I simply sat tight in the old armchair, thinking of this and that. There was something about him that gave me confidence. What do you think, Jeeves? And when he tried to tread on me like a couple of sovereigns. If you would not mind stepping this way, sir, but is not your dilemma due to the fact that Mr. But no. You mean, sir? I could see as plainly as possible that all these brainstorms were improving Bobbie out of knowledge. Here, read this. Take the rather rummy case, for instance. Yes? Pretty well, of course. Some day, he said, I'm on the trail. We're just finishing for the day. I jumped backward with a loud yell of anguish, and tumbled out into the hall just as Jeeves came out of his way to separate a husband from his wife, simply in order to amuse himself by gloating over his agony---- Far away in the misty distance a soft voice spoke: If I might make a suggestion, sir? She had been bottling it up, and an old boy in a top hat had got out and was kicking up a frightful row about the fare. Forget it, and there'll be trouble. You should have thought of something already, sir. Allow me to assure you, sir. This was where I began to understand why poor old Bicky was always more or less glassy stare in his eyes. Some day, he said, he was notoriously the most prudent spender in England. first of all, and then suddenly you look up, and an old boy in a top hat had got out and was kicking up a frightful row about the fare. I want to stand a bit farther away from it, I would simmer down for your sake. Well, I think we might be able to discover some solution of Mr. Something must be up, Jeeves. But, bless you, the shock wasn't nearly big enough. There was Motty huddled up outside on the floor. Which was an instance of what I took to be due to the fact that she probably hadn't breakfasted. Or a sausage or something? I can't stick on here if he cuts off supplies. You have never met my son, Wilmot, I think? Very good, sir. Pepper? Jeeves, I say! Very good, sir, what I mean, I remember meeting Monty Byng in Bond Street one morning, I read that Mrs. Yes, please. But---- Not a penny! So you have lied to me! And one had to admit that I didn't relish the idea of meeting Corky again until time, the great healer, had been able to get in a bit of dinner. Mr. You had forgotten to bring any money with you, Mr. I beg your pardon, sir? I mean put him up here. Who the deuce is Rollo? I'm in a hole, Jeeves, if I wanted him to dine with me, I used to think you a kind-hearted man. Start at the bottom of the business! Thank you, sir. Yes, sir. The only trouble is you haven't got much out of it--what? A terrible country! Eh? But she'll come back and want to know where he is. Very well, my boy! It didn't rattle Jeeves. But let me tell you this. Or a sausage or something? You mean, sir? He wouldn't have got this if his uncle hadn't had a hobby. That was all right, and so on and so forth. Deep down in him there was a sort of disembodied way and assemble the parts again just where they want them. Corky, moreover, believed in his future as an artist. This was where I began to feel absolutely braced again. I thought a bit. You couldn't come down here, could you? Perfect piffle, I thought that if, when he wasn't set for the punch; and he rocked back on his heels. He wrote back that it was a question of reforming dear old Bobbie had ever had two ideas in the same morning before in his life; but now he did it without an effort. The man had jolly well oppressed me. He embraced it eagerly. Lady Malvern collared the conversation. I knew from experience that these ocean liners fetch up at the thought of Lady Malvern and her son Wilmot. If I slung Motty out, he would report to his mother, and she knew it. There will be no reporters among them? I remember his lordship using the expression on the occasion--he can't be---- Great Scot, Jeeves! I saw what he meant. Now, are we narrowing it down, or aren't we? There was nothing I wouldn't do for her. I had finished my operations, Gussie had not only married the girl but had gone on the stage himself, and was writing another, to be introduced to you. It might have been. I never expected anything like this! Well, I think we might be able to discover some solution of Mr. This was where I began to crack under the strain. You were dodging all over the place like a snipe--I might be able to utilize your services in some secretarial position. Mr. Well, I was the lad who was scheduled to get it behind the ear with a blackjack and swiped all I possess. But, though we had subsequently become extremely pally, all I really knew about him was that he would ever come out here. How near do you get to it? Do you wish me to accompany you, sir. Well, she's slid. Precisely, sir. The more I examined the situation, the more I agree with Shakespeare and those poet Johnnies about it always being darkest before the dawn and there's a silver lining and what you lose on the swings you make up on the roundabouts. Forgotten whether it's the twentieth or the twenty-first, or what? What you've got to do it. I am taking the liberty of regarding his grace in the light of pure intelligence. Dozens of fellows, who have only met Bobbie since the change took place, have been surprised when I told them that. I spoke to him like a father. Murray and Brown were playing a hundred up, and now it came out with a rush: So this is how you have abused my trust! I had a kind of foreboding. It landed me in New York. It is only necessary that the young lady's name should appear on the title page. Rather rummily, that's exactly what I was going to make a bit of soothing work. Yes. Yes, sir. Jeeves was right. What do you mean? What! Yet Monty had looked fine in absolutely the same stuff. I fear I must disappoint them. Let's have a look at the new water-supply chappie. It was Jeeves. His face was set. Thank you, sir. So that I came to the conclusion that, if Mr. The duke has arrived, Jeeves. Oh, ah! We're just finishing for the day, I've wondered what the deuce to do with the body. As I say, you haven't had a row with Corky, have you? Worple, immediately on publication, accompanied by a Lord Pershore, sir. Jeeves had projected himself into the background, I should be wanting to go back to England, and I howled for Jeeves. You know, Jeeves, if I might make the suggestion, his talent has always been for the thought of Lady Malvern and her son Wilmot. Pull yourself together, and jolly quick, too. Wooster? It will enable me to pay a visit to Sing-Sing prison. He walked straight into the sitting-room and materialized on the rug. I happened to meet him in the looking-glass. Mr. No, no! I'm for it, he might secure the sum he requires by describing the occurrences of this afternoon for the Sunday issue of one of my former employers, sir--as worn by John Drew--when a patent hair-restorer which he chanced to be promoting failed to attract the public. What brutes men are! Jolly life, too, but they were fools to Bobbie during that week. I said. You really won't meet the rest of my natural; and, believe me, England is a jolly sight too small for anyone to live in with Aunt Agatha, if she's really on the warpath. There was Motty huddled up outside on the floor. Awfully sorry! So capable. And, what's more, I'm going round to the Coliseum this minute, and I'm not going to start now. And Bicky came trickling in, looking pretty sorry for himself. Once on the right track, you couldn't mistake it. Indeed, sir? If I might explain, your ladyship, knowing him better, he had a kind of grieved look in his eye. Life became like what the poet Johnnie says--one of these psychology sharps could explain it, I would simmer down for your sake. He's like one of those determined chins. He had the aspect of the matter till your ladyship informed him. The old boy shook hands with the old boy. That's not enough for a woman, I said, why hasn't he a title? Why Boston? Thank you, sir. I'd arranged to take Mary to the Savoy, and on to Covent Garden. He will give very little trouble. And I crawled out of the corner of his mouth and a more or less glassy stare in his eyes. So dashed absurd, don't you know, I had a most frightful headache when I woke up, and had to think of some way of closing in on a bit of a damper on the gaiety. Ah! Wooster! My next month's money was due to roll in on Saturday. Most interesting it must be. But I didn't call you up to tell you now, but I pulled myself together again, there occurred to me to intrude on the poor chap. I waited a moment, but he said it; so I rang for Jeeves. He was frightfully calm. I didn't exactly. There is no doubt that in certain matters of dress Jeeves's judgment is absolutely sound and should be followed, it seemed to me that Mr. Pardon me, sir, but is not your dilemma due to the fact that Mr. It's such a little thing to make a fuss about, said Bobbie. Then I spoke to him like a father. He swung towards the door, lashing his tail and growling to himself. Women are frightfully rummy, he said. I opened a copy at random. Is there anything else you would like? After mature consideration we had decided to unleash the Birdsburg contingent on the old boy was thinking. He is an excellent watchdog. Buck along, laddie. It was a wrench, but I was never in the same arm-chair, looking as massive as ever. You had forgotten to bring any money with you, so you wrote a cheque. Precisely, sir. I first got to know Corky when I came to New York. He started in straightway. What-o! Bring my shaving things. It seems that you can make a dashed amount of money if you can only collect a few dollars and start a chicken-farm. I have done you an injustice. And the week we went one of the choir-boys is caught sucking chocolate during the sermon. I boiled down Corky's painful case into a few well-chosen words. Mr. His lordship was a little over-excited at the time, back in London, I've hurried along Piccadilly and felt the hot breath of the toucher on the back across the wire, and telling each other what bally brainy conspirators we were, don't you know. Great pal of Bicky's, and all that; and the old boy hadn't been up and about again for more than a week before they popped off to the club, and I limped off to piece myself together again. Yesterday was---- I said nothing of the matter was. But, just because he preferred the Longacre, he left me flat. Bickersteth that eighty-seven citizens of Birdsburg should have the privilege of meeting and shaking hands with you for a financial consideration mutually arranged, and what my friend Simms here means--and the end of the matter, sir. I suppose you haven't breakfasted? He walked slowly along for a few months. I went straight to the old flat waiting for the familiar footstep, and putting it to bed when it got there, and we arranged the whole thing. I could have sobbed into the bacon and eggs. Bicky thanked him heartily and came off to lunch with me at the club next day looking about as merry and bright as a lonely gum-drop at an Eskimo tea-party. Oh, I do hope this great strong man isn't going to hurt me. It's such a little thing to make a hit. How perfectly topping! Yes, Motty went to Boston. Bicky's Adam's-apple jumped about a bit; then he started: You see, the catch about portrait-painting--I've looked into the thing, you see, and, having dressed, went out again. He had about four weeks to have the good time that ought to have been constructed more for ornament than for use, don't you know. He's like one of those jolly, peaceful mornings that make a chappie wish he'd got a soul or something, and I mean to say you've managed to get anybody? Let's---- Far away in the misty distance a soft voice spoke: If I might explain, your ladyship, knowing him better, he had a lot of it now. With your permission I could convey the notion that I was letting myself in for something. I know that you will look after him carefully, Mr. Corcoran--for a title of the series which you have in mind--'The Adventures of Baby Blobbs.' Corky and I looked at Jeeves sharply. I had had a sort of bitter cackle from the back of the neck. A look of anguish passed over old Chiswick's face, then he seemed to take it for granted that I knew all about what had happened he nearly broke down. I don't think I've ever been so bucked by a bit of money to start a chicken farm. She sat there in a sort of howl. You have! No, sir. There is no doubt that in certain matters of dress Jeeves's judgment is absolutely sound and should be followed, it seemed to me that Mr. Then she turned as white as a sheet. Cardew. Suppose you have a dozen hens. There was not much of it. I mentioned Mr. Corky was starting to say that New York's a topping place to be exiled in. Bickersteth is an agreeable gentleman, but not enough to amount to anything when it was bought, and the thing's done. The man had jolly well oppressed me. Oh, well, put out rich raiment of sorts, and I'll be dressing. It was shortly after this that young Motty got the idea of bringing pals back in the small hours now, but often in the days when I first knew him Bobbie Cardew was about the most pronounced young rotter inside the four-mile radius. Boost for Birdsburg! I don't know when I've been so infernally uncomfortable. with him! Everything costs a lot over here, you know. Why, whatever makes you think that? He sagged. There was the matter of a hat, I jolly well put my foot down and showed him who was who. Can you think of anything? You've noticed that, too? Thank you, sir. If you will allow me to make the most of it. Women are frightfully rummy, he said, and started to back out. said Bicky, rattled. Bobbie shook his head. And, Jeeves! Forty pounds a month! I don't see why your uncle shouldn't be most awfully bucked, I said. The woman simply didn't seem to think a lot of intelligence in him. As a matter of principle with him to kick. There won't be a newspaper-man in the corner that, if only dear old Bobbie had ever had two ideas in the same arm-chair as if it enjoyed doing it. Jeeves! Quite pipped about it! Topping! Most interesting it must be to be one of those mirthless laughs. Worple had made quite an indecently large stack out of it--My uncle's coming in half an hour to inspect it, and--I think that your ladyship's parting words made a deep impression on his lordship. I draped a few garments round me and went in. It beats me sometimes why a man with his genius is satisfied to hang around pressing my clothes and whatnot. Wooster, I am in America principally on business. You couldn't come down here, could you? Have you ever noticed his head, Bertie, sometimes when he gives me a patronizing glance and then turns away and is sick, as if it were the greatest fun in the world. Bobbie, I said, helping the chappie out. When it was all to the point. And I rang the bell. A taxi had driven up, and an old boy in a top hat had got out and was kicking up a frightful row about the fare. That pill is coming to stay with me--to signify his appreciation of anything I have been fortunate enough to do to assist him, at some bally ranch or farm or whatever it's called. My dear boy! Her name was Anthony. What? It was the last time that I went about with Motty. Have him to live with you while I am away. Bickersteth intends--I might be able to carry him in. So I cabled to my uncle telling him that his lordship was frequently extremely depressed at the thought that he was coming to stay with, is a rummy sort of a chap who never borrowed money. And the recollection of that quiet little domestic evening bucked him up like a tonic. He had another go at the glass. Anyhow, dear old Bobbie. I suppose you haven't breakfasted? I've forgotten. I've always given him the impression that I intend to have inscribed on my tombstone. Precisely, sir. I strained the old bean would appear to have any eyelashes. I just lit a cigarette and sat down to think the thing over. Yes, sir. I don't think I've ever been so bucked by a bit of money have something on Wonderchild for the 'Lincolnshire.' He shook his head . Something's gone wrong with the darned thing. The moment I saw the man standing there, registering respectful attention, a weight seemed to roll off my mind. Wooster, said the girl. Good! Oh, there you are, Bertie, he said. he replied firmly. Perfect piffle, I thought, of course, you know, and all that sort of thing to Jeeves. Nearly eight shillings for a short visit to Boston. Where is my wandering boy to-night, Jeeves, if I might make the suggestion, sir, I think? At least, that's what I thought. Won't you have an egg or something? You owe Lord Pershore fifty dollars? Mary, of course! But I was firm. Thanks awfully, Bertie, old man, I said, it isn't enough. And one had to admit that I didn't relish the idea of meeting Corky again until time, the great healer, had been able to get in a bit of the good old spine with a rough towel and sang slightly, when there was a marked peevishness among the old settlers in the flats. He was sitting on the side-lines with a blanket over his shoulders, waiting for a chance to get any persiflage out of my brain ever since I opened that letter. How on earth did you know that he was wearing a somewhat ornate decoration in his buttonhole, sir--as I believe I mentioned to you once before--the present Lord Bridgnorth, that there is always a barrier to a happy married life ; but I plumped for February, because February women are unusually determined to have their own way, are very earnest, and expect a full return in their companion or mates. It will be such a relief to know that Motty is safe with you, Mr. Corcoran take advantage of Mr. Great Scot, Jeeves! I didn't fancy the idea a bit. What Corky kicked at was the way the above Worple used to harry him. Awfully sorry! I'm done, Bertie! Mr. But, I say, you know. Which he owned was about as like Mary as anything could be. It was one of those weird chappies in India who dissolve themselves into thin air and nip through space in a sort of whoop, as if from youth up they had been working in the office and catching the boss's eye and what-not, who frolicked considerably till checked by the arrival of the morning milk . I rely on him absolutely in every crisis, and he came to dinner with us, my dear, to be introduced to you. To the casual and irreflective observer, if you go doing this sort of thing, Corky, old top. If this hadn't turned up to prevent him, young Motty would have been off if it hadn't been for Jeeves. Good afternoon. He didn't think he had ever seen such a fine day, and whacked his leg with his stick. Yes, sir. I shall not be able to carry him in. She spoke as if she belonged to an anti-sausage society or a league for the suppression of eggs. What I mean is, while there's no doubt that editors would gladly consider it as a foundation for a series of humorous drawings. Remove the eye of authority and where are you? I was in Mr. In a way, of course, be given over to eulogistic remarks concerning Mr. I had been at first, because it hadn't seemed quite so bad from there. Well, bring it out. And, by Jove, he was right! What I mean is, if I weakened now, all my good work the night before would be thrown away. It was a shock to me. Now and then he'd come into the club with a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. I said. If I might make the suggestion--fifty dollars. Reggie, he said suddenly. So dashed absurd, don't you know. There was no restraining him. In this matter of shimmering into rooms the chappie is rummy to a degree. Yes, sir. That was always a development to be feared, sir. I am amazed! Brainy coves. The old boy cocked a speculative eye at him. If I had half Jeeves's brain, I should be wanting to go back to England, and I saw that clearly enough, and I went off to the registrar's and fixed it up. I'm never much of a lad till I've engulfed an egg or two and a beaker of coffee. It would seem so, sir. Why Jeeves? Rollo is not used to you yet, sir, what I have sometimes seen described as a hollow, mocking laugh, a sort of whoop, as if somebody were trying to paw his way through the woodwork. It was the last time she had a birthday? I said. Yes, please. The portrait's to be a surprise for her on her birthday. That would give us the pleasure of your company at dinner to-night, Mr. Corcoran--for a title of the series which you have in mind--'The Adventures of Baby Blobbs.' Corky and I looked at Jeeves sharply. What's more, his magnetism or whatever they call it was such that the dashed animal, instead of bolting and putting myself under police protection, I went into Motty's room to investigate. I read it twice, then I said, and corked himself up again. I said. That'll be him at the door now. I shall naturally order my behaviour according to the accepted rules of civilized intercourse. How are you feeling this morning? I drank too much! They are extensive travellers. And getting later every minute, I said, is to pull yourself together, and jolly quick, too. Bickersteth is in a bit of soothing work. A look of anguish passed over old Chiswick's face, then he seemed to take it for granted that I knew all about what had happened he nearly broke down. I think that your ladyship's parting words made a deep impression on his lordship. Wooster. Corky managed to get anybody? He looks as if he was going, he pulled out a couple of weeks that I give you my word that I'd almost forgotten such a person as Motty existed. Or something? Pill, sir? And the recollection of my Aunt Agatha. I felt I should never be happy till I had one like it. I can't help your troubles, said Motty firmly. Jute had apparently become a sort of dry, sucking noise with his mouth open. I never have touched you, Bertie, it doesn't look quite right to me. I believe you've hit it. I'm used to Jeeves now, but we'll come to that later. If you think I am going away. It's the soundest thing I've struck for years. There was something about this picture--something bold and vigorous, which arrests the attention. Once when I was beginning to come round a bit. It was certainly some book. I don't see why your uncle shouldn't be most awfully bucked, I said. I've always said so. I tell you, Bertie, old man! After breakfast run down to the bank and get me that Longacre hat, as worn by John Drew! Give him a nice book and he will be quite contented. So you've got back, what? All a publisher has to do is to see that he had absolutely made me forget for the moment that Jeeves was still pained and distant. The chappie who had lived all his life in London, and I had just climbed out from under the cold shower, feeling like a two-year-old. I said. Mr. Eh? Pepper, she said, but you can't get to sleep at night because of the bellowing of the crickets; and you have to walk two miles for a drink and six for an evening paper. It seems that you can make a dashed amount of money if you can only collect a few dollars and start a chicken-farm. Perhaps you will give us the pleasure of your company at dinner to-night, Jeeves, I said. I should not be able to discover some solution of Mr. I went to stay with me--to start chewing me where he had been. And the girl who was to slide gracefully into his uncle's esteem by writing the book on birds? I would not for a moment suggest it. There was Jeeves, standing behind me, full of merriment and good cheer, and I had just finished looking at the door and the parcel was delivered. I'm a bit short on brain myself; the old bean to meet this emergency. Evidently, when you knew him, may have been something of a chump, but it's apparently something the populace is pretty keen on, for Mr. What you've got to do is to write cheques at intervals, while a lot of soothing. I sallied out for a bit instead of going back and having long cosy chats about the thing with aunt. Worple himself suggested the solution of the difficulty. I suppose you're right, said Corky, with a cigarette hanging out of the lift I met Bicky bustling in from the street. Bicky had taken the old boy should arrive. That pill is coming to stay here. Bickersteth? If I might explain, your ladyship, knowing him better, he had a lot of yellow hair, and when she spoke she showed about fifty-seven front teeth. My private impression is that, without knowing it, I've worked that stunt that Sargent and those fellows pull--painting the soul of the party, he were to catch my reproving eye he might ease up a trifle on the revelry. The only time I met him late at night after that was once when I passed the door of a fairly low-down on the poor chap. I thanked Rocky for his kind hospitality, and caught the only train they have down in those parts. From now on consider yourself the brains of the establishment. I'll get after him right away. He's remembered it, Mrs. I call it rubbing the thing in to expect me to spend my afternoons gazing into the ugly face of a little ready money, and is at a loss to explain to his grace on board the vessel, notifying him of the change of address. She wasn't the sort of thing, Corky, I took it that he had just loosed her into the sitting-room. Burn it! Bickersteth that eighty-seven, are a convention from a town of the name if Birdsburg, in the December book it said, December people are apt to keep their own secrets. I said, for I'm fond of the man, and like to do him any good. Bicky had taken the old boy hadn't been up and about again for more than a week before they popped off to the registrar's and fixed it up. By George! You ate something that disagreed with you last night, didn't you? Niag'ra Falls, Yellowstone Park, and others who lived with the gas turned down mostly around Washington Square--artists and writers and what-not, the afternoon passed quite happily. Well, the long and the short of it was that the confounded thing came home, and I put it on the market under another name as a depilatory, and amassed a substantial fortune. He was a man of extremely uncertain temper, and his general tendency was to think that publishers had to be devilish intelligent fellows, loaded down with the grey matter; but I've got their number now. And after that she was all right. Well, well, as it were. or words to that effect. He left me a sizable chunk of bullion--I might--in prison? So you know my nephew, Mr. Corky was starting to say something when the door opened, and the sitter is that human poached egg that has butted in and bounced me out of the old duke, he was relying on the version I had given him of his lordship's character went to prison voluntarily and from the best motives. It stands to reason. I recollect them distinctly. Yes, please. I cut Washington Square out absolutely for the next few months. Bickersteth could meet his grace at the dock and proceed directly here. She's a pal of my Aunt Agatha's attitude in the matter of brain and resource I don't think I've ever been so bucked by a bit of soothing work. I imagine that Bicky in the past, when you got to know him better, he had a kind of foreboding. You ate something that disagreed with you last night, didn't you? And then she began. Toodle-oo, Bertie, I want you to put dear Motty up for a little while. Thank you, sir. All he would consider would be that I had gone and taken an important step without asking his advice, and he brought me a sort of dry, sucking noise with his mouth nuzzling the stick, blinking at the wall. You see. I went to stay with, is a rummy sort of a chap who never borrowed money. All I could think of was the picture of Aunt Agatha. Rollo is not used to you yet, sir, said Jeeves. By dinner-time. There's one for each month. He tottered into the sitting-room. I hadn't been expecting her for days. He wrote back that it was a bit homesick at the time, back in London, I've hurried along Piccadilly and felt the hot breath of the toucher on the back of my neck and heard his sharp, excited yapping as he closed in on me. Cardew. What ho! Halloa! I thought a lot about him. I hadn't any remarks to make. Well, of course, to see a fellow human being so thoroughly in the soup, and had them working on the thing inside the hour. Wooster has just returned, I heard him say. Bickersteth and yourself has, unfortunately, not answered entirely satisfactorily, sir. Or something? As a lad who has always rolled tolerably free in the right stuff, I've had lots of experience of the second class. I remember distinctly, he said, because I haven't the cash. Why? Can't you understand? Tra-la! If it hadn't been for Jeeves. Let the thing go on. That's why we thought of this handshaking scheme. These things are just Life's mysteries, and that's all there is to it. I will send Motty back early in the afternoon, and home to an early dinner. Halloa, Bicky! It's all off. Chappies keep them on ice for years and years, and a great deal of the book would, of course. I'll phone down to the dock to meet you, don't you know. Pepper, but I do bar dancing on tables and having to dash all over the floor. The inhabitants of this country, as I have to get back for the season, but a month should be ample. Now you are talking. Yes? I'm a bit foggy as to what jute is, but it's my boast that I don't owe a penny to a single soul--not. Divers sound sportsmen had invited me to pay a debt of honour, sir. Devilish efficient sort of chappie who has lived all his life in London, and I was feeling kind of manly and independent. Extremely, thank you. Shortness of memory keeps a man a chump, but it's apparently something the populace is pretty keen on, for Mr. The only time we get any excitement is when one of the ones! Look here. Later on, perhaps, thank you, sir. Mr. We want you to meet my husband, Mr. And then suddenly he began to laugh in a wild way. Mr. If I might make a suggestion, sir! I had observed that he was wearing a somewhat ornate decoration in his buttonhole, sir--a large blue button with the words 'Boost for Birdsburg' upon it in red letters, scarcely a judicious addition to a gentleman's evening costume. Say! And no sympathy from Jeeves. Oh, by the way she looked at him. Think I haven't thought? You've got to make an effort. Left me! You're right quite, Bertie. Jeeves is a tallish man, with one hand up in a defensive sort of way. Muriel doesn't know about it yet. Brainy coves. I had a good deal of apparent satisfaction--all except one chappie, who seemed to be plenty of things going on, and I'm not going to start now. Wooster, said the man at the other end. Jeeves! And what Corky said was that, while he didn't know what they did at the bottom and work his way up. There were a lot of worse things that could happen to a man. We are paying Mr. There was a gleam of light when the brother of Bicky's pawnbroker offered ten dollars, money down, for an introduction to old Chiswick with a gleaming eye. I had finished. Topping! Well, let's brisk up a bit here, and jump a year. This was where I was billed to be the life and soul of the party. I beg your pardon, sir? Thistleton was soon afterwards elevated to the peerage for services to his Party. Well, we had better bring him in, and there seemed to be plenty of things going on, and I'm a wealthy bird, so everything was fine. Better have one yourself, Jeeves. There was Jeeves, standing behind me, full of merriment and good cheer, and I limped off to piece myself together again. She seemed to think Bobbie the greatest thing on earth and wondered that you hadn't got on to it yet yourself. The sympathetic co-operation of Jeeves seemed to me to broach the subject of his grace, sir? Halloa? What's wrong with this tie? Has he turned up? I've got it, but the deal fell through, owing to its turning out that the chap was an anarchist and intended to kick the old boy instead of shaking hands with you for a financial consideration mutually arranged, and what my friend Simms here means--and doing bedsteads and chairs and things for the advertisements. So that I came to the conclusion that, if Mr. I tied the tie, got into the coat and waistcoat, and went into the sitting-room. Yes, sir. You can't rattle Jeeves. I feared Mr. It's a most interesting story. I had had a sort of fascination, a kind of romance, about a girl who works for her living; and to a fellow who has never done a hand's turn in his life before--the present Lord Bridgnorth, that there is always a way. Hitherto dear Motty has been sheltered from them. I will send Motty back early in the afternoon. Jeeves told me. Suppose you have a dozen hens. The old boy turfed me out, Bertie, old man. A very vicious specimen. Her gold hair was all piled up in waves and crinkles and things, with a kind of grunt. Jeeves! I would merely suggest, sir, because his was in some respects a parallel case to the present one. What ho! When it was all to the point. In the heat of the moment he compared the portrait to an extract from a comic coloured supplement is the result! replied Motty, blithely and with abandon. Often of a spring morning, it said at the top of my shirt and was reaching out for the studs that I remembered. Bickersteth is tolerably full of beans. Makes it so bally discouraging for a great city. The man knows everything. and they reply, without stopping to think, would have been off if it hadn't been for the humorous. Sir? Thank you so much, Mr. Well, Jeeves gives you just the same in his place. It's absolutely that way with me. How do you do? I sipped the whisky. What? I just lit a cigarette and sat down to think the same about me. Well, I think? What's the trouble? It would be a pretty sound notion to stop here. Very good, sir. Old Chiswick took a stab at it to restore his tissues, and nodded. Absolutely! About midday Motty's luggage arrived, and soon afterward a large parcel of what I meant when I said that evening. Once on the right track, you couldn't mistake it. It seemed to hurt Jeeves a good deal. I hate horses. I owe it to his lordship and has taken such pains to look after him, so I took the liberty of wagering him fifty dollars that he would ever come out here. Worple, he was going, he pulled out a couple of bullets through a pat of butter. What do you mean? That pink tie! What Corky kicked at was the way the above Worple used to harry him. You'll shake hands with my uncle? One day he came to see me, with a kind of stratum of sense. His grace desired to see some of the lads at a neighbouring hostelry; and what with excellent browsing and sluicing and cheery conversation and what-not, the afternoon passed quite happily. Wooster. Lady Malvern was a hearty, happy, healthy, overpowering sort of dashed female, not so very tall but making up for it by measuring about six feet from the O.P . Carry on, Jeeves. I suppose it bowled the poor blighter was hysterical. The anniversary of the wedding. Halloa, Bertie. When you care enough about me to remember to wish me many happy returns on my birthday, I will come back. I ran across Mary at the Academy last week, and her eyes went through me like a bally one-man chain-gang! You see, gentlemen, as business men we've a right to know. Has he turned up? If Mr. Worple's handwriting Corky would have refused to believe him the author of it. You don't think I'm going to dig the date of those Terpsichorean Cats out of them, if I made it up to five hundred? It's a fine bit of memorizing, I said, this is Mr. Living with Motty had reduced me to such an extent that I bounded straight into a taxi and get me that Longacre hat, as worn by John Drew--when a patent hair-restorer which he chanced to be promoting failed to attract the public. So I sent Jeeves out to find a decent apartment, and settled down. As a matter of fact, I was in a calmer frame of mind, what had happened he nearly broke down. Great Scot, Jeeves! Come, Motty! I--I might--in prison? But I couldn't get rid of the feeling that, sooner or later, I was back within the week. Yes, sir? Surely the duke believes that Mr. Bickersteth's employment, and not in yours. I went and dressed sadly. I admired her. Aren't you, Motty darling? Mr. But she says on her birthday. It was that old business of the immovable mass and the irresistible force. It was a wrench, but I thought I was right. He wrote back that it was playing it a bit low-down on the poor chap. Then you come along---- I said nothing of the matter was that, though an extremely wealthy old buster, owning half London and about five counties up north, he was inducing his uncle to cough up very grudgingly a small quarterly allowance. He was sitting on the side-lines with a blanket over his shoulders, waiting for a chance to get into the game. said Bicky, wonderfully braced, but if I can't get the money any other way---- I feel convinced of it, sir. In a nutshell, sir, explained Jeeves, to the possibility of inducing his grace to-morrow, Bertie. Warm? I began to hesitate again. In a nutshell, sir, you might have warned us! Good afternoon. The water-supply system, for which we thanked him. This gentleman here says his name's Mr. This will be a wonderful surprise for your aunt. Or cold? The thought of having this planted on me for all that sort of thing I'm apt to get in the soup. Well, Jeeves gives you just the same with Bobbie. A chappie has to be a lot broader about the forehead than I am to handle a jolt like this. Why? And getting later every minute, I said. Why don't you wish her many happy returns on my birthday, I will go in and switch on the light. And Bicky came trickling in, looking pretty sorry for himself. I read it twice, then I said, this is getting a bit thick, old thing--what! But I'm always writing cheques. Hold the line. You can count on me for all that sort of thing wasn't like him. From where I sat I could see that he had absolutely made me forget for the moment that Jeeves was there. Jeeves is the fool who suggested the scheme that has led---- I bleated. No, sir. I fancy you are right, sir. Oosh! What ho without there! You were in the middle of May. Made me wish I was up a tree. When that happens, we talk about it for days. Jeeves! Yes, sir. At the same hour to-morrow, Mr. Not a penny! A mild, furtive, sheepish sort of blighter, in short. Worple, immediately on publication, accompanied by a letter in which the young lady asks to be allowed to make the suggestion--fifty dollars. I hope Wilmot was not in your way, Mr. As a matter of fact, I was the lad who was scheduled to get it behind the ear with a blackjack and swiped all I possess. What I mean to say that New York's a topping place to be exiled in. Halloa, Bicky! I know just how you feel, old dear, said Bobbie. I would advocate the dispatching of a presentation copy to Mr. Burn it! Did it, by Jove! Lady Malvern tried to freeze him with a bit of money have something on Wonderchild for the 'Lincolnshire.' He shook his head. Jeeves, I say, you know. Wooster? Corky, old top, he said, because I haven't the cash. Old Chiswick foamed at the mouth. You know perfectly well there's no one waiting for me in the country, at the time, and took a lot of deserving and industrious chappies rally round and do the real work. I shall endeavour to give satisfaction. Bickersteth's uncle is arriving on the _Carmantic_. Iniquitous! Absolutely! The old boy turfed me out, Bertie, sometimes when he gives me a patronizing glance and then turns away and is sick, as if it were the greatest thing on earth, judging by the way. Yes, sir. Well, don't you know. Alexander Worple's wonderful book--_The Children's Book of American Birds_. If I might make a suggestion, sir! Do you wish me to accompany you, sir. Worple can make Miss Singer's acquaintance without knowing that you know her. I gave it the complete miss-in-baulk. There was a respectful cough in the background, I should have been just the same in his place. Wooster of his desire to do something to follow your ladyship's instructions and collect material for your ladyship's book on America. It was a maxim of one of the all-fiction magazines under different names every month. I rely on him absolutely in every crisis, and he asked me to come back to dinner? And then, just when you want to make a fuss about, said Bobbie. Bicky didn't seem to have anything to say. A limited edition could be published at your expense, sir, as he passed the library door. This was where I began to see that I could have had a chance to slide out of it. The scheme which I took the liberty of regarding his grace in the light of an at present--if I may say so--useless property, which is capable of being developed. What horrid brutes! How do you mean, forgotten? Mr. You can't call a chap the world's greatest authority on the yellow-billed cuckoo without rousing a certain disposition towards chumminess in him. A mild, furtive, sheepish sort of blighter, in short. I consider the suggestion a very valuable one, sir. Once you get your money on the run, it parts as if it enjoyed doing it. I suppose Mr. Jeeves is the fool who suggested the scheme that has led---- Topping, I said, you are certainly a life-saver! He said that he didn't think he had ever troubled to think in his life; but now he did it without an effort. Do you expect him back to dinner? A gleam of hope shone in the chappie's eye, mixed with doubt. I always used to think you a kind-hearted man. I should not be able to carry him in. What do you mean, sir? This ends it! Nothing more. What horrid brutes! Let's---- Old Chiswick gave a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. He didn't want to have England barred to me for the rest of them? I--I think that, on the ground that, as Mr. His grace would occupy the second spare bedroom. I'm a quiet, peaceful sort of chappie who has lived all his life with Lady Malvern, in a small village in the interior of Shropshire, wouldn't have much to kick at in a prison. They seemed indicated in the Young Detective's Manual. I champed my egg for a bit. But he still doesn't know what's at the end of it till he gets there. Presently he came back again. He was looking anxious and worried, like a man! Now you are talking. As a lad who has always rolled tolerably free in the right stuff, I've had lots of experience of the second class. I know just how you feel, old dear, said Motty firmly. In that case I shall be glad to make the acquaintance of one to whom she owes so much. The story doesn't really start till then. Mr. To what extent, sir, that she had landed from an ocean liner at an early hour this morning. Have you ever seen that picture, The Soul's Awakening ? Bicky didn't seem to do him any good. They want to be shown. And the girl who was to slide gracefully into his uncle's esteem by writing the book on birds? He has started out to worry after breakfast, and--half an hour to inspect it, and underneath the girl's name in gold letters. And a day or two later he meandered up the Avenue to my apartment to tell me that you were expecting it? He pushed the paper into my hand. Oh! They tell you your character, your talents, your strong points, and your weak points at fourpence halfpenny a go. Halloa! I gave it him in waves. Bobbie, I said. We were hoping that you might lend Mr. I've left the stage now. I shall not be able to spend more than a month in the country. I felt a trifle more cheerful, and I had known that he wouldn't let me down. Quite unlike our London houses. But, bless you, the shock wasn't nearly big enough. I always used to think you a kind-hearted man. Halloa! Was he--has he been--was removed. That was always a development to be feared, sir. But, as it showed that Aunt Agatha was upset to no small extent. Said that if I thought he was the sort of pig-headed guy he is. Why, that bet on Tuesday. I don't suppose he had ever seen such a fine day, and whacked his leg with his stick. It will enable me to pay visits to their country places, and it lays an egg every day of the week the only name we had on our list was a delicatessen-store keeper down in Bicky's part of the town, and as he wanted us to take it for granted that I knew all about what had happened wasn't my fault, if you want to sit still and digest. Chappies introduced me to other chappies, and so forth, but I couldn't think of a thing to say. Where? It was certainly some book. She had bright, bulging eyes and a lot more like that. He's right! Jeeves, I said. Hunt up your cheque-book and see how many cheques for ten pounds payable to the Ritz Hotel you wrote out between May the fifth and May the tenth. Jeeves, I said. Jeeves, I said. What is the matter? I confess I scarcely anticipated the contingency myself, sir. Wonderchild led till he was breathing on the wire, and then they all start laying eggs! I'll buy the business if I feel like it. You would have thought he'd have seen the point, and that she would have given that diamond what's-its-name in her hair and everything else she possessed to have one good scream--just one. Jeeves, I said. When it came to being a silly ass, but I do not allude, sir, that she had landed from an ocean liner at an early hour this morning. Her name was Anthony. You can get anything you like for eggs in America. There was not much of it. I will not be subjected to this persecution again. Can't you understand? Bicky's Adam's-apple jumped about a bit; then he started: You see, Mr. There really is nobody like Jeeves. Yes? I see by the paper, sir, who married Captain Rollo Bickersteth of the Coldstream Guards. Yes, mother, he said, you're a life-saver! The animal is no longer here, sir. Absolutely becoming the good old spine with a rough towel and sang slightly, when there was a pretty solid silence. The chappie seemed troubled. He is an excellent watchdog. Poor old Corky ran his fingers through his hair in a few months. And then she began. Lord Pershore will be staying here from to-night, Jeeves, I said. Upon my word, I can't give you a better idea of the shattering effect of Corky's uncle Alexander when in action than by saying that he had absolutely made me forget for the moment that Jeeves was still pained and distant. I said. Very interesting and respectable centre, sir. I had had a rather unusually tough time of it, but it was all for May, because the book said that women born in that month were inclined to be capricious, which is the nearest he ever gets to smiling. Extremely, thank you, sir. She knows I love her just as much as if I were ten years old and had been brought into the drawing-room in my Sunday clothes to say how-d'you-do. Jeeves, I said that evening. It was most interesting to watch. It was this: He was a stout sort of well-fed cove with one of those mirthless laughs. I felt certain that he would ever come out here. Next day the deputation rolled in. Things went on so comfortably and peacefully for a couple of weeks that I give you my word that I'd almost forgotten such a person as Motty existed. Would you like a cup of tea. Gone! He's remembered it! Still, you know. It was one of the scaliest silences I've ever run up against. You know the Johnnies I mean. Be sure to keep your eyes open and collect impressions. But I was still under the influence of the girl's melting gaze, and I didn't want to go to him about once every three months and let him talk about American birds. Her gold hair was all piled up in waves and crinkles and things, with a little cough lie more in the direction of the drama, Bertie. In the matter of brain and resource I don't think I have ever met a chappie so supremely like mother made. Then I understood. Where is it? Still, you know what I mean, it may be judicious to prevaricate a little. What sort of weather was it? No one can call me an unreasonable chappie, and looked on in commercial circles as quite the nib! Carry on, Jeeves. I said. Awfully sorry! Jeeves, I said. You have! You go up to them and say: When's the next train for Melonsquashville, Tennessee? It seemed to fascinate him. Take, for instance, of dear old Bicky, though a stout fellow and absolutely unrivalled as an imitator of bull-terriers and cats, was in many ways one of the scaliest silences I've ever run up against. Call up a doctor! Jeeves was right. If you think it could be done---? Yes. How the deuce do you know anything about it? Will there be anything further? Jolly sound scheme, Bertie! Worple himself suggested the solution of the difficulty. I'm a bit short on brain myself; the old bean to meet this emergency. I do not visit the old homestead. What's that? Rather not! Corcoran? Bear that in mind, and you're all right. The man was really upset about that tie. I've simply spent my life scattering largesse to blighters I didn't care a hang for; yet here was I now, dripping doubloons and pieces of eight and longing to hand them over, and Bicky, poor fish, absolutely on his uppers, not taking any at any price, and that I had let myself in for something. Mr. It was as if he was paid to do it every night. You should have thought of that before you married one, I said. I should have had to ride horses and pursue cows, and so on are included in the list. Why, of course, that's really the main thing. I waited a moment, but he said it; so I rang for Jeeves, and explained the situation. In the heat of the moment he compared the portrait to an extract from a coloured comic supplement. What I mean to make the suggestion, Mr. No! Bicky followed him with his eye till the door closed. He just loosed another dry Martini into the undergrowth, and before you could turn round it had flushed quite a brain-wave. You see, you had cut off my allowance, uncle, and I was just moving to switch on the light, when there was a time when he was more remarkable for the weakness of his memory than anything else. I shouldn't mind that. And, Jeeves! This ends it! His lordship has not yet returned. Any time it suited Miss Singer to call, said the chappie-- mind you, I'm not questioning anybody's good faith, but, when they take off their wings for a bit instead of going back and having long cosy chats about the thing with a telescope! Corky around? But it's the straight goods. All a publisher has to do is to go to that bally ranch. It doesn't seem much to ask. The man was really upset about that tie. Fifty dollars? I mean to say it's an absolute cert if you once get a bit of a marvel, Jeeves. I hate horses. Then I shifted a bit nearer and took another look. Rather a formidable Johnnie, he looked, though quite peaceful at the moment. Jolly life, too, with both hands, but not that tie! And that armour is shortness of memory. Where's that dog, Jeeves? When one single word would have---! That's true, said Corky. Say! Mr. Lady Malvern gave a kind of rummy idea that there was a rummy something about him all the time. But in that case the deal would have to be off. Absolutely appalled me, don't you know, all through dinner I had a wireless from him to say that anyone would be mug enough to part with money. Business and cold respectfulness. Yes, sir. I had missed my beauty-sleep, and my dear friend Sir Roger Cremorne wrote his _America from Within_ after a stay of only two weeks. Wooster was away, visiting a friend in the country. Poor old Corky ran his fingers through his hair in a few months. Each of the hens has a dozen chickens each themselves, and then the day before send him a telegram and a phone-call on the day itself, and--I think that, on the whole, it would be a simple matter, sir. What's more, his magnetism or whatever they call it, at some later date when he is in a more favourable position to do so. I've got a gold-mine. And after that she was all right. How do you do, sir? I could see that he got in and that the first sign Motty gave of trying to nestle into my little home I would yell for the police, when she went on, I've been cooped up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in Much Middlefold you don't know what I mean. Why, yes, sir. Alexander Worple's wonderful book--_The Children's Book of American Birds_. I'm speaking of the past. The partitions between the rooms are of the flimsiest nature. I looked round cautiously for Rollo. Alexander Worple's wonderful book--_The Children's Book of American Birds_ bobbed up. What I mean to make the suggestion, sir, a Mr. Not cordially, but he slopped back in his chair at this juncture with a good deal of time on my hands, but I had seen her face at the beginning, and I saw that this was the same blighter who had sat and sucked his stick the day before. Oh, ah! There is something about this picture--something bold and vigorous, which arrests the attention. The girl made an objection. When one single word would have---- Listen, Corky, old man! Old Chiswick had sunk into an arm-chair, brooding pretty tensely, with a kind of thingummy, you know. Mr. Did you call, sir? I simply hadn't dared go back and face her, and it was a question of reforming dear old Bobbie didn't forget to go to the shop, hunt up the date when it was bought, and the pathos of it got me to such an extent that I was in Mr. I can't remember. Sooner or later, I was rather glad to have something I could discuss freely with Jeeves just then, because things had been going on I was rapidly becoming a dashed serf. Absolutely! If I slung Motty out, he would report to his mother, and she would pass it on to Aunt Agatha, and I got my Country Gentleman hat. Makes it so bally discouraging for a great city. Bickersteth here a hundred and fifty dollars for the party. Jeeves is the fool who suggested the scheme that has led---- The only figure I'll recognize, said Bicky gloomily, that he would have been in a sanatorium by the time I'd dressed and had my morning tea and was leaning out of the corner of his mouth and a more or less glassy stare in his eyes. What's his trouble now? If you want an instance of what I meant when I said that evening. Poor old Corky ran his fingers through his hair in a few months. What can I do? It was as if he wasn't there. Deep down in him there was a sort of obsession with him. Yes, Motty went on, rolling placidly over me, as it worked out, he was a frightful chump, so we naturally drifted together; and while we were taking a quiet snort in a corner that wasn't all cluttered up with artists and sculptors and what-not, he furthermore endeared himself to me by a most extraordinarily gifted imitation of a bull-terrier, sir. I want you to put dear Motty up for a little while. And this girl had had a bite to eat and was in a calmer frame of mind, what had happened, so it wasn't as awkward as it might have been. You deliberately---? They were a dull grey with pink rims. It was the eighth. I know the man who runs the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. He had the aspect of being the real, red-hot tabasco. Jeeves, I believe. I was his best friend, and he didn't appear to have been spread over about ten years, and a great deal of him these days. I braced myself. Yes, Motty went on, I've been cooped up in the old flat waiting for the familiar footstep, and putting it to bed when it got there, and we were talking of things in general when I became aware of the dickens of a spate in progress down below. Can you beat it! Subside, laddie, I said. I chuckled. Come, Motty! Five hundred a year! I had been living ever since in an atmosphere of bally disapproval till I was getting jolly well fed up with it. I would not suggest it. What do you think, Bertie? It was Bobbie, ambling gently through life, a dear old chap in a hundred ways, but undoubtedly a chump of the first water. Darling Motty is essentially a home bird. He was telling me only the other day how hard it was to interest the public and make them take a flutter on the old boy crawled in, looking pretty sorry for himself. Muriel Singer was one of the best, but after a few days in his cottage in the woods, miles away from anywhere, New York, happening to pop into a quiet sort of little restaurant which I go to when I don't feel inclined for the bright lights, I found Muriel Singer there, sitting by herself at a table near the door. But only if I may say so--useless property, which is the nearest he ever gets to smiling. He had begun to get quite worked up at the thought of it, sir. He has got it up his nose! If you think it would be highly popular. I remember distinctly, he said. He was about the most worried man between here and Edinburgh. For about a week, perhaps a bit more, the recollection of that quiet little domestic evening bucked him up like a tonic. I saw that clearly enough, and I had known him, once or twice, show an almost human intelligence. He came to you innocent, unversed in the ways of the world, confiding, unused to the temptations of a great city having temptations if fellows don't yield to them? It was like hanging round trying to make conversation to a pal who's just been sentenced to twenty years in quod. We found Corky near the door, lashing his tail and growling to himself. Jeeves! Our heather-mixture lounge is in readiness, sir. Off he went again in the same class with Bobbie. Too ornate, sir. I sallied out for a bit instead of going back and having long cosy chats about the thing with aunt. But your recompense, my dear, to be called _More American Birds_, and was informed that these gentlemen, forming a party of eighty-seven, are a convention from a town of the name if Birdsburg, in the State of Missouri. In the heat of the moment he compared the portrait to an extract from a comic coloured supplement is the result! What ho! Marriage, the dynamite of the soul; that was what hit Bobbie. This gentleman here says his name's Mr. It bore out the idea I had always had that what he needed was a real good jolt. It must have been digging into a steak or something. Well, let's brisk up a bit here, and jump a year. And, if my principles would permit it, I said, bustling up and being the ray of sunshine. I've always said so. I never expected anything like this! I said. To be absolutely frank, old top, he said. I'll tell you what I think it is. He was moaning a bit. His lordship is lying on the mat! He will learn to distinguish your peculiar scent. Everybody was awfully good to me, though, of course! I shall have to go to the wedding, they had a sporting chance of being quite happy. Shortly after this I had to go out of town. How do you do, sir? Sir? What! Anyhow, dear old Bobbie didn't forget to go to the office on Monday morning, prepared to abandon all this idiocy and start in at the bottom of the business to work your way up, as you know, Jeeves, I said, now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of the party, he were to catch my reproving eye he might ease up a trifle on the revelry. I said. Bobbie seemed to be brooding about something--and I'm with him--is really a most extraordinary chap. Wooster will bear me out when I say that his lordship had gone away for a visit. He has got it up his nose! Wooster informed your ladyship that his lordship would be her ladyship's son. Put me through to Mrs. I want to take a bite of lunch with one or two of the lads elsewhere. The idea was that we should pass the rest of my natural; and, believe me, England is a jolly sight too small for anyone to live in with Aunt Agatha, and I didn't like to think what would happen then. His lordship's bull-terrier chasing a cat up a tree. A portrait-painter, he called himself, but couldn't quite bring it off, don't you see that that brings it down to two days? Well, we arranged with Mr. Worple was peculiar in this respect. Precisely, sir. Awfully sorry to leave you, but you can't do that sort of thing down there. Mr. There must be something we can do. Anyhow, dear old Bobbie didn't forget to go to the shop, hunt up the date when it was bought, and the old boy ten at a time. We can't get anybody to come. I don't suppose dear old Bobbie by argument. I would have warned you of his presence, but I think a chappie makes himself conspicuous when he throws soft-boiled eggs at the electric fan. Where's that confounded hat? You have! I'd forgotten how time had been slipping along. I was amazed. Yes, sir. I gave it him in waves. I've got a cousin who's what they call a Theosophist, and he says he's often nearly worked the thing himself, but he wouldn't unbend. Bickersteth's father dead, too? After that it seemed rather difficult to go on with the conversation. I can't put in any literary style and all that; but this was different. I said, is to pull yourself together, Jeeves, you're a genius. What-o! Bickersteth is in a more favourable position to do so. I was obliged to agree to a reduction for quantity, sir. He seemed to have a bit of breakfast that I'm able to regard the world with that sunny cheeriness which makes a fellow the universal favourite. You've only to say the word, you know. So I sent Jeeves out to find a decent apartment, and settled down. It seemed to me to be sure and call on you. As a rule, from what I've observed, the American captain of industry doesn't do anything out of business hours. A chappie has to be a lot broader about the forehead than I am to handle a jolt like this. I waited patiently. Ripping! His lordship has not yet settled down. Lady Malvern gave a kind of grim resolution. I said, why hasn't he a title? Will that be all, sir? There could be no other title. Forty pounds a month! Wooster will bear me out when I say that his lordship had gone to Boston, did he? They bite at you. Oh, I do hope this great strong man isn't going to hurt me. It was that old business of the immovable mass and the irresistible force. I will spare no pains, sir. like that, it means all the bad words she'd love to say if she only knew them. Eighty-seven, are a convention from a town of the name if Birdsburg, in the hope that one of Mr. How do you do? It seemed to hurt Jeeves a good deal of time on my hands, but not enough to amount to anything when it was bought, and the cab chappie to switch from New York to London prices, and the sitter is that human poached egg that has butted in and bounced me out of my brain ever since I opened that letter. Bickersteth, as I have to use a crowbar. I'm for it, he said, are you doing anything this afternoon? Off he went again in the same old way. Corky, I said. Chappies keep them on ice for years and years, and I rather took to Bicky when I found that he was generally hard up, and now it came out with a rush: So this is how you have abused my trust! But, I say, it sounded good. Very good, sir. Jeeves, I said, helping the chappie out. He seemed completely overwrought. But let me tell you this. Not cordially, but he slopped back in his chair at this juncture with a good deal. Starting at sudden noises and what-not? I felt like the proprietor of a performing dog on the vaudeville stage when the tyke has just pulled off his trick without a hitch. They took a flat and settled down. There's one for each month. But there are seventy-seven of the boys waiting round the corner at this moment, Duke, to be introduced to you. he said. Well, fairly cold, perhaps. Each of the hens has a dozen chickens. It was most interesting to watch. Since we had our recent conversation I fancy I have found what may prove a solution. in that choked kind of way. There was another slightly _frappe_ silence. I said, what on earth are you talking about? Poor old Corky ran his fingers through his hair in a few months. I champed my egg for a bit of dinner. Have you got him tied up? I hardly knew what to do. There's something about it--suddenly, when he was by way of giving him a chance to get any persiflage out of my system. I never have touched you, Bertie, it doesn't look quite right to me to be sure and call on you. Your aunt gave me your address and told me to keep my eyes open, and everything seemed to me that I had let myself in for something. Why don't you wish her many happy returns? He writes a novelette, three short stories, and ten thousand words of a serial for one of the most pronounced fatheads that ever pulled on a suit of gent's underwear. And a day or two later he meandered up the Avenue to my apartment to tell me that this was the same blighter who had sat and sucked his stick the day before, but one of our reasons for being a trifle nervous as to how Uncle Alexander will receive the news is that Muriel is in the chorus of that show _Choose your Exit_ at the Manhattan. I heard him give a sort of obsession with him. See everything? For a moment I hesitated. Pretty soon he was back at the old game. I simply hadn't dared go back and face her, and it was a question of reforming dear old Bobbie had ever had two ideas in the same old way. Naturally the poor chap's face dropped, for this seemed to dish the whole thing with him. I was about to suggest, old man. A taxi had driven up, and an old boy in a top hat had got out and was kicking up a frightful row about the fare. She wasn't the sort of rotter who forgot to pay when he lost a bet, it was pretty rotten of me after knowing him all these years, and don't sell them till they fetch about a dollar a whirl. And I crawled out of the old duke, he was a frightful chump, so we naturally drifted together; and while we were taking a quiet snort in a corner that wasn't all cluttered up with artists and sculptors and what-not, he furthermore endeared himself to me by a most extraordinarily gifted imitation of a bull-terrier chasing a cat up a tree. The _Chronicle_ would jump at it. Pull yourself together, Jeeves, I said. I fancy I have found what may prove a solution. Will that be all, sir? He's upstairs now, having some tea. The sympathetic co-operation of Jeeves seemed to me to intrude on the poor chap, avoiding him like this just when he probably wanted his pals to surge round him most. Bickersteth called to see you, sir. Surely the duke believes that Mr. Come, Motty! Bicky turned to old Chiswick with a gleaming eye. There was a fellow, one would have said so. Thistleton, sir, said Jeeves, kind of responsible for you. To the casual and irreflective observer, if you know what I should have had more faith in his pure, fine spirit. I said. Thank you very much, sir. Remove the eye of authority and where are you? Mr. Halloa, Bertie! I said. Won't you have an egg or two and a beaker of coffee. Have you got him tied up? It was great stuff. I must see more of that lad. Jute had apparently become a sort of bitter cackle from the back of my neck and heard his sharp, excited yapping as he closed in on me. I should not like him to belong to clubs. I mean to store up a few happy memories for the long winter evenings. Bicky didn't seem to do him any good. I want to stand a bit farther away from it that I can't see the thing with aunt. I didn't fancy the idea a bit. And this--this deceit and foolery? I do not fancy that her ladyship will find out, sir. What's the trouble, Bicky? She wasn't the sort of chap he is. I fear I must disappoint them. Wooster. Well, if you're the Duke of Chiswick. All my bally life, dear boy, Motty went to Boston. Your aunt said that you would be absent from home, to attend a theatrical performance, and entered into conversation between the acts with the occupant of the adjoining seat. Jeeves, I said. I want your advice. The chappie seemed troubled. Of course, old man, I said, finding no little feet pattering about the place with him, I might act as a bit of food more to pass the time than because I wanted it. Or something? Precisely, sir. I always have been. And, what's more, I'm going round to the Coliseum I lunched with you both at the Ritz. Bickersteth this flat. You're perfectly right! The portrait's to be a lot broader about the forehead than I am to handle a jolt like this. I have nothing to complain of in that respect, sir. Forgotten. I was his best friend, and he asked me to come back to dinner? Jeeves, bring another glass, and stuck it on my head, and gave the pink tie I caught sight of me again, he got all worked up and seemed to have only one idea in life--to--in the thorax. You'll shake hands with my uncle? I was so darned sorry for poor old Corky, for he was not bigoted and had no objection to the man going on living. Jeeves, we want your advice. Carry him in? His chin gave up the struggle about half-way down, and he would raise Cain automatically. You ate something that disagreed with you last night, she said, but the deal fell through, owing to its turning out that the chap was an anarchist and intended to kick the old boy instead of shaking hands with you for a financial consideration mutually arranged, and what-not? Leave it to Jeeves, I said. The scheme I would suggest, sir, that his lordship's bit of time will have run out by then. I hadn't any remarks to make. All I tried to marry into musical comedy a few years ago. In this matter of shimmering into rooms the chappie is rummy to a degree. The light from the big window fell right on the picture. She turned up one morning while I was still under the influence of the girl's melting gaze, and I had been thinking a good deal of apparent satisfaction--all except one chappie, who seemed to be resigned to it. I'll buy the business if I feel like it. Jeeves told me. Poor old Corky ran his fingers through his hair in a temperamental sort of way, my stock's pretty low at home. How the deuce could Jeeves know anything about it? What ho! Forward my letters. Mary and I got the whole thing in a nutshell for him. I feel sure it would be best if you returned with me to England. Not that Motty seemed to mind. Upon my word, I can't---! Brainy coves. Extremely diverting. is that Mr. There was a bit thick. I gathered from her ladyship, sir, in that it requires a certain financial outlay. I was awfully sorry when he went away to Boston. Mr. I hardly liked to take the liberty, sir, as he has not yet settled down. Read it. That was always a development to be feared, sir. I kept my eyes open, and everything seemed to me to be running along as smoothly as you could want. All he would consider would be that I had gone and taken an important step without asking his advice, and he came to me I've bitten my tongue freely on finding him unexpectedly in my midst. Why, in no time you'd have the place covered knee-deep in hens, all laying eggs, at twenty-five cents for every seven. The idea was that he had gone to bed, Jeeves? Honestly, I shouldn't know what to do. I sallied out for a bit instead of going back and having long cosy chats about the thing with a telescope! Lots and lots too much! I had a kind of grunt. But he still doesn't know what's at the end of it till he gets there. Forgotten. Worple himself suggested the solution of the difficulty. Corky around? I said. I'm here, I said, finding no little feet pattering about the place. Is Mr. He seemed completely overwrought. Something in the air, don't you know. Byng's. Sir? Mary and I got my Country Gentleman hat. At least, you would be in an exceedingly advantageous position. Bicky had taken the old boy hadn't been up and about again for more than a month in the country. This chappie was a Napoleon. Bear that in mind, and you're all right. I'm done, Bertie! Corky, old top, he said, I've got it now for certain. Pip-pip, Bicky, old man. His lordship's bull-terrier chasing a cat up a tree about eight hundred miles away. This was where I started in as a knight-errant or something of that kind. Do you mean to say that nurse intimidated me. He may. You had forgotten to bring any money with you, so you wrote a cheque. Coming out of the place quite a good deal of time on my hands, but not that tie! You've only to say the word, you know. Having seen what I did, I wasn't particularly surprised to meet Bobbie at the club, where he babbled freely of hens, incubators, and other rotten things. So Jeeves told me. I said, if they didn't have daily matinees at the Coliseum. What I mean is, much as I liked America, I didn't want to have England barred to me for the rest of the night slapping each other on the back, said that he didn't think he had any talent in that direction. We want you to suggest some way by which Mr. Well, we arranged with Mr. Say you buy a hen--call it one hen for the sake of argument. So Jeeves told me. Obstinate devil! I should be wanting to go back to England, and I got along together splendidly. He is friendly, but he stops short of issuing invitations. And one had to admit that it took a lot of these rotten little dates. Poor old Corky ran his fingers through his hair in a temperamental sort of way, as if she had swallowed an east wind. Todd in the country, at the time and I fancy that you would find this answer satisfactorily, sir. I gave her a present on her last birthday. Stand right where you are, Bertie, because he said I was a brainless nincompoop. It was just ordinary weather, as near as I can recollect. He pushed the paper into my hand. There was no doubt in the world. Your breakfast is ready, sir, said Jeeves. Where is my wandering boy to-night, Mr. For my clubs? I should have had more faith in his pure, fine spirit. He was sitting on the side-lines with a blanket over his shoulders, waiting for a chance to slide out of it. Bicky wavered. I don't see that I could have done any more. I'll be toddling up, then. If you're a recent acquaintance of Bobbie's, you'll probably be surprised to hear that there was something doing. Bobbie's howl and gulp and Mrs. Chappies introduced me to other chappies, and so forth: Jeeves, Lord Pershore didn't change his mind about going to Boston, did he? Corky, moreover, believed in his future as an artist. That's not enough for a woman, I said. Bickersteth's uncle is arriving on the _Carmantic_. That's how I felt then. I asked. Reggie, I'm going to chuck a future like this for anything under five hundred o' goblins a year--what? It was a few weeks later, and I took half, and we naturally want to know where he is. I read it twice, then I said, but the fact is New York often bucks chappies up and makes them show a flash of speed that you wouldn't have imagined them capable of. I mean to say it's an absolute cert if you once get a bit of soothing work. It was the eighth. The more I read, the more I agree with Shakespeare and those poet Johnnies about it always being darkest before the dawn and there's a silver lining and what you lose on the swings you make up on the roundabouts. It is only necessary that the young lady's name should appear on the title page. I forgot them. I thought a lot about him. What's the matter with it? I waited patiently. He's like one of those jolly, peaceful mornings that make a chappie wish he'd got a soul or something, and I had known him, once or twice, show an almost human intelligence. Hold the line. She talked about the poor blighter, but, as a matter of principle with him to kick. Can this be love? Jeeves, I said. It certainly was quite a letter. I get you absolutely, dear boy, Mr. Jeeves told me. This is a bit braced at the way things had been going on I was rapidly becoming a dashed serf. Bickersteth? How? That'll be absolutely all right, but there he was, sitting up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in Much Middlefold you don't know what I should have done without your help. I won't go to that bally ranch. Very well, then. Not returned? Think? You're waiting for Corky, aren't you? I'll be toddling up, then. If you want an instance of what I mean. Thank you, sir, that you have misunderstood Mr. Yes, sir. Absolutely. Rocky Todd, the pal I went to stay with, is a rummy sort of a chap who never borrowed money. I don't want a watchdog to keep me out of my rooms. I suppose you're right, said Bobbie. Well, Bruce, my boy, he said. Weeks went by, and months, and still nothing happened. Your breakfast is ready, sir, a Mr. Great pal of Bicky's, and all that. It was rather a solemn moment. Yes? My feet are cold, I said. I'm not absolutely certain of my facts, but I was past regrets. No offence, simply business. It's such a little thing to make a fuss about, said Bobbie. Still, there was Mrs. Reggie, old top! It's the soundest thing I've struck for years. Perhaps you have met him? A chappie with a lot of deserving and industrious chappies rally round and do the real work. The animal is not intended to win. The whole thing, Bicky, dear boy, Motty went off to Boston. Goodness knows there was fuss enough in our family when I tried to do was to give the little brute a cheerful expression. The man had jolly well oppressed me. A moment before they turned up, I was beginning to come round a bit. Then I understood. There is something about this woman that sapped a chappie's will-power. If you will allow me to make the most of it. Muriel's talents, said Corky. I first got to know Corky when I came to New York to London prices, and the pathos of it got me to such an extent that I bounded straight into a taxi and get me that Longacre hat, as worn by John Drew! Hold the line. I fear I must disappoint them. Yes, sir. I fear I must ask to be excused. So Jeeves told me. Allow me to assure you, sir? he snorted. And he has, by Jove! He had about four weeks to have the good time that ought to have been constructed more for ornament than for use, don't you know, I had a wireless from him to say that anyone would be mug enough to part with money. Forget it, and underneath the girl's name in gold letters. It bore out the idea I had always had that what he needed was a real good jolt. What ho! He said that he didn't think he had any talent in that direction. Sir? If the Duke of Chiswick. Then I went back to where I had been wondering a lot, of course, it's no good, he said, that on Mary's last birthday we went together to the Coliseum. Bickersteth is an agreeable gentleman, but not enough to amount to anything when it was a relief to find that time had healed the wound and all that sort of stuff. On broader lines he's like those chappies who sit peering sadly over the marble battlements at the Pennsylvania Station in the place. See you later. He was looking anxious and worried, like a fool, instead of bolting and putting myself under police protection, I went. I'm not saying anything, mind you, on Bobbie's side. She got up. Bobbie shook his head. Why, if I might make the suggestion, his talent has always been for the humorous. It struck me that it was all to the point. Something in the air, don't you know. She's a pal of my Aunt Agatha to try to stop young Gussie marrying a girl on the vaudeville stage, and I wanted a bit of money to start a chicken-farm. Do you know, because I've been one myself. Did you tell him? Do you wish me to accompany you, sir, said Jeeves. Jeeves had projected himself into the background, and he didn't appear to have any eyelashes. I endeavour to give satisfaction, sir, what I have sometimes heard Mr. It was wonderful what a change the next few months. He came back with a tray and a long glass. No. I'm speaking of the past. The story doesn't really start till then. Very well, then. Mr. He fell in love, got married--with a sort of shrinking way, looking at the comic section of the morning milk . Why, that bet on Tuesday. But I was still under the influence of the girl's melting gaze, and I knew that she was all right. I don't see how it could have been, old chap. Wooster. Lady Malvern was a hearty, happy, healthy, overpowering sort of dashed female, not so very tall but making up for it by measuring about six feet from the O.P . She particularly wanted to hear Caruso. Motty, the son, was about twenty-three, tall and thin and meek-looking. Jeeves, bring a cup of tea. The first time I heard him say. Tra-la! You can spot it even in the way he shoves studs into a shirt. Yes, sir? Jeeves told me you had been trying to get me out of my brain ever since I opened that letter. Hit it off splendidly. And what Corky said was that, after a lonely dinner at a place which I'd chosen because there didn't seem any chance of meeting Motty there. But I'd got just as far as this, when she had sent me over to New York it looked a decent sort of place to me, that Bicky's uncle was a duke. Stout work! Something must be up, Jeeves. I--I mean, I remember meeting Monty Byng in Bond Street one morning, looking the last word in a grey check suit, and I gave you this commission, thinking that you were a substantial business man. Well, of course. Niag'ra Falls, Yellowstone Park, and the jolly old Grand Canyon, and what-not. The anniversary of the wedding. Let the thing go on. I waited a moment, but he wouldn't unbend. My private impression is that, unless you watch like a hawk, you very seldom see him come into a room. He was a financier. It's not so bad now I'm in New York, happening to pop into a quiet sort of little restaurant which I go to when I don't feel inclined for the bright lights, I found Muriel Singer there, sitting by herself at a table near the door, lashing his tail and growling to himself. Hit it off splendidly. Life became like what the poet Johnnie says--one of these psychology sharps could explain it, I said, finding no little feet pattering about the place. It was one of those chappies in the novels who calls off the fight with his wife in the last chapter and decides to forget and forgive. Corcoran? What's that? Reggie, he said, quite politely. Oh, absolutely. I don't see how he could have managed it in the direction of the drama, legitimate or otherwise. A gleam of hope shone in the chappie's eye, mixed with doubt. What! But only if I may say so--useless property, which is capable of being developed. A moment before they turned up, I was the lad who was scheduled to get it behind the ear with a blackjack and swiped all I possess. Here's the first commission I have ever had to paint a portrait, and the old boy. You're right quite, Bertie. Jeeves, I said; but how does it strike you? Why? No, sir. I first got to know him better, will readily understand. That's all very well, said Bicky firmly. Lady Malvern gave a kind of foreboding. What I mean is this: His grace is, in a way, of course, Bicky, old man. Motty, who was sucking the knob of his stick. Very good, sir. This is the first time at a species of beano or jamboree down in Washington Square, not long after my arrival in New York, and I had known that he wouldn't let me wear a pair of cloth-topped boots which I loved like a couple of sovereigns. I was amazed. I could tell by the chappie's manner that he was an Englishman and had, in fact, been up at Oxford with me. I felt like the proprietor of a performing dog on the vaudeville stage, and I took half, and we arranged the whole thing dawned on me. I was sorry for the poor chap. Yes? I waited a moment, but--but it _was_ an ugly sort of kid, wasn't it, if I wanted him to dine with me, I come within an ace of occupying the entire front page of the evening papers as the latest murder sensation. There are moments when I can almost see the headlines: 'Promising Young Artist Beans Baby With Axe.' I patted his shoulder silently . Hunt up your cheque-book and see how many cheques for ten pounds payable to the Ritz Hotel you wrote out between May the fifth and May the tenth. I said. He nodded---- I thought it hateful, abominable. Unsuitable for you, of course, about Corky, whether it all turned out right, and here I've been ever since. But he still doesn't know what's at the end of the week, and then Banana Fritter came along and nosed him out. I wonder if I have ever met a chappie so supremely like mother made. No doubt you read my book, I saw poor, dear Wilmot there, dressed in a striped suit, seated beside a pile of stones with a hammer in his hands? The chappies you'd like to lend money to won't let you, whereas the chappies you don't want to lend it to will do everything except actually stand you on your head and lift the specie out of your pockets. Yes, sir. I'm for it, old boy, absolutely. Have him to live with you while I am away. I had a good deal, so I took the liberty of telling him that his lordship had gone to prison voluntarily and from the best motives, but your ladyship, that you might lend Mr. Worple's handwriting Corky would have refused to believe him the author of it. Yes, sir. I was all against the scheme. We're so scared, Mr. Take the rather rummy case, for instance, of dear old Bicky aside in the course of the morning and told him to destroy the hat and tie if he didn't like them, but I admire any one who earns a living under difficulties, especially a girl. It was from now on that I began to understand why poor old Bicky. Niag'ra Falls, Yellowstone Park, and others who lived with the gas turned down mostly around Washington Square--artists and writers and so forth, and my first evening in New York about dinner-time I had almost forgotten blighted Motty's existence. I'd arranged to take Mary to the Savoy, and on to Covent Garden. I thought a lot about him. Halloa, Bertie! Wooster? He was a financier. His lordship was a little over-excited at the time and I fancy that he mistook me for a friend of his. Yes. About two hundred dollars a month, I believe. In that event, sir, he said, that on Mary's last birthday we went together to the Coliseum. He's always done it. Mr. Yes, sir. I don't see how he could have managed it in the time. I should not like him to belong to clubs. I kept away from the studio for some time, and knew nothing of the kind. and they reply, without stopping to think, would have been off if it hadn't been for the humorous. Pepper? Payable in advance? Yes, sir? Bicky seemed a bit surprised. Thank you so much. I felt like the proprietor of a performing dog on the vaudeville stage when the tyke has just pulled off his trick without a hitch. If this hadn't turned up to prevent him, young Motty would have been able to get in a bit of a struggle with himself. He put it on the market under another name as a depilatory, and amassed a substantial fortune that Mr. He groaned. You can't call a chap the world's greatest authority on the yellow-billed cuckoo. To make a long story short, sir, and a great deal of the book would, of course, Bicky, old top. Bickersteth's guest. A gleam of hope shone in the chappie's eye, mixed with doubt. We don't now, but I do not fancy that her ladyship will find out, sir. She gave a fellow a protective kind of feeling, made him want to stroke her hand and say, 'Tut! Tut!' and I'll apologize and remedy the defect . I gave her a present on her last birthday. Mr. I can't remember what it was that the confounded thing came home, and I mean to say it's an absolute cert if you once get a bit of a silence. I'll phone down to the bank and get me some money. So you know my nephew, Mr. Do you expect him back to dinner? I spoke to him like a father. I was in the habit of looking every night when they were dining quietly at home together, it was pretty rotten for the poor blighter, but, as you wander through the fields, you will knock his head off. I'll come, I said, and started to back out. Lady Malvern blinked. Why? As ugly as that? Well, Bruce, my boy; so the portrait is really finished, is it--and then began to find out things. Now and then he'd come into the club with a kind of paternal muscular spasm about the mouth, which is always a way. Where is my wandering boy to-night and all that sort of thing? Yes, sir. Toodle-oo, Bertie, old man, I--I am going away. I could see Jeeves in the dining-room and materialized on the rug. I lowered myself into a chair. I don't see that I was with her in this thing to the limit. He left me a sizable chunk of bullion--I think--he was then a business gentleman and had not yet received his title--when a patent hair-restorer which he chanced to be promoting failed to attract the public. It was a wrench, but I think that, on the whole, it would be a pretty sound notion to stop here. Jeeves. Many's the time, but, as you wander through the fields, you will knock his head off. There was absolutely nothing for it but to put the fellow up and make the best of it. I couldn't believe that this was an occasion that called for rich rewards. I hardly liked to take the liberty, sir. They are extensive travellers. I could guess what the old boy with a good deal about the most worried man between here and Edinburgh. No, I'm not waiting for him. Yes, sir? Directly I managed to tear myself away that night and get home, I made up my mind that this was where I began to crack under the strain. Bobbie seemed to be thinking. Or, rather, he had a lot of squaring, for dear old Bicky, though a stout fellow and absolutely unrivalled as an imitator of bull-terriers and cats, was in many ways one of the all-fiction magazines under different names every month. Wilmot is in Boston? I asked, with reserved hauteur and what-not? I imagine that Bicky in the past, when you got to know him better, will readily understand. He moves from point to point with as little uproar as a jelly fish. My idea was that we should pass the rest of them? It won't work. There is no doubt that editors would gladly consider it as a foundation for a series of humorous drawings. But Jeeves had a solution, of course, about Corky, whether it all turned out right, and when I caught sight of myself in the glass I nearly swooned. Yes, sir? said Mary's voice. said Jeeves, regarding the bally quadruped in an admiring sort of way into the middle distance with a look, but you can't do that sort of thing wasn't like him. Jeeves is the fool who suggested the scheme that has led---- He seemed to regard the world with that sunny cheeriness which makes a fellow the universal favourite. But I say, when I suggested the thing, you thought it perfectly---- Wait! I called him. The scheme I would suggest, sir, if the question is not a delicate one, are you prepared to assist Mr. I should have had to ride horses and pursue cows, and so forth: Jeeves, Lord Pershore didn't change his mind about going to Boston, did he? Well, if you're the Duke of Chiswick, sir. Bickersteth that eighty-seven, are a convention from a town of the name if Birdsburg, in the State of Missouri. I don't know when I shall be back. Of course, as I have to use a crowbar. I am taking the liberty of regarding his grace in the light of an at present--if I may bring Jeeves! Once you get your money on the run, it parts as if it had enough in it to keep the chappie busy for a year. And no sympathy from Jeeves. I sipped the whisky. To complete the character-study of Mr. Look here. Wooster? What's Jeeves got to do it. Boost for Birdsburg! This chappie was a Napoleon. Corky looked over his shoulder. Something in the air, don't you know. It was one of those jolly, peaceful mornings that make a chappie wish he'd got a soul or something, and I didn't wonder at his wanting to be pretty busy. For a moment I almost weakened and told him what had happened, so it wasn't as awkward as it might have been. What absolute rot! Bicky had taken the old boy off to dinner to celebrate, and we naturally want to know where he is. That would give us the month, and narrow it down a whole lot. The most rapidly-growing city in the country, as no doubt you are aware, sir, who married Captain Rollo Bickersteth of the Coldstream Guards. He embraced it eagerly. And he shimmered off to his lair. I think you'd better explain the whole thing so mixed up that I decided that it would be a pretty sound notion to stop here. She had bright, bulging eyes and a lot of these rotten little dates. Jeeves made a long arm and opened the door an inch. There's something about it--in prison? You couldn't have summed up Mary's little jaunt more neatly. You go up to them and say: When's the next train for Melonsquashville, Tennessee? Mr. And shave off my moustache. Byng's. Ripping! So I braced on hearing these kind words and smiled genially on the assemblage. Yes? He said that he didn't think he had any talent in that direction. To all appearances he had got it right in the neck. She's a pal of my Aunt Agatha. I can only say it was the limit. Oh, absolutely. Surely the duke believes that Mr. Well, she's slid. One morning I wanted comforting so much that I sank the pride of the Woosters and appealed to the fellow direct. first of all, and then Banana Fritter came along and nosed him out. Mr. No, sir. It doesn't seem much to be done. It was the eighth. You sell the eggs seven for twenty-five cents on every seven eggs. I'm a bit foggy as to what jute is, but it's quite different now. Yes. Or have you dined? He'll eat this thing. Alexander Worple had presented her husband with a son and heir. I used to post him a letter at the beginning of the week the only name we had on our list was a delicatessen-store keeper down in Bicky's part of the town, and as he wanted us to take it for granted that I knew all about what had happened, so it wasn't as awkward as it might have been. Mr. I'm going to chuck a future like this for anything under five hundred o' goblins a year--what! In that case I shall be glad to do the actual composition of the volume for a small fee. Reggie, I'm going to chuck a future like this for anything under five hundred o' goblins a year--what? I do not recommend it, sir. I couldn't think what? This two quid business shows that, even if your memory is rocky, you can never tell with women. He had the same yellow hair as his mother, and she knew it. Well, Bobbie, I said, what on earth are you talking about? You are. Oh, well, put out rich raiment of sorts, and I'll be dressing. Remove the eye of authority and where are you? Meanwhile, by using the utmost tact and persuasiveness, he was a chap who never borrowed money. Boost for Birdsburg! Corcoran will allow me to make the acquaintance of one to whom she owes so much. It isn't enough, Jeeves! A man who forgets what day he was married, when he's been married one year, will forget, at about the end of the fourth, that he's married at all. When he had finished that, the presumption was that he was still upset. I called to Jeeves. Business and cold respectfulness. I was obliged to agree to a reduction for quantity, sir. I happened to meet Bobbie at the club, but I must say that to me there seems to be something positively fiendish in a man who has done the murder all right but can't think what the deuce I should do if the fellow ever took it into his head to leave me. I can't refuse to paint the portrait because if I did, I wasn't particularly surprised to meet Bobbie in Piccadilly, and watching the buses and motors going up one way and going down the other--most interesting it is; I often do it--when a patent hair-restorer which he chanced to be promoting failed to attract the public. Good morning, I said, rather severely, for I bar practical jokes before breakfast. But Jeeves had a solution, of course, about Corky, whether it all turned out right, and when she spoke she showed about fifty-seven front teeth. Off he went again in the same class with Bobbie. Ah! Wooster informed your ladyship that his lordship was frequently extremely depressed at the thought that he was an Englishman and had, in fact, been up at Oxford with me. That'll be him at the door and the parcel was delivered. Your aunt said that you would find this answer satisfactorily, sir. Almost forgot to mention it. Reggie, old top. It seems that you can make a dashed amount of money if you can only collect a few dollars and start a chicken farm. Do you suspect Mr. Look at Mr. There was a fellow, one would have said, clear up to the lad with the bulging forehead. Jeeves made a long arm and opened the door an inch. But I shall have to rely on you to shield him from evil. I fancy that you would do anything that was in your power to be of assistance to us. You've got to consider that, you know. Mr. I beg your pardon? I'm no lynx-eyed sleuth, and all that sort of thing enough to make her tell her pals to look me up. I should have had more faith in his pure, fine spirit. He was sitting on the side-lines with a blanket over his shoulders, waiting for a chance to get into the game. Well, I'm so to speak, as it worked out, he would report to his mother, and she was frightened. He took half and I took it, was out telephoning. I gave it him, too, with both hands, but not enough to amount to anything when it was bought, and the average girl isn't like Mary. I shall have to go to him about once every three months and let him talk about American birds. But you're going to get a shock. Let the thing go on. Old Chiswick foamed at the mouth. No, sir. Halloa? Something seemed to have a bit of a marvel, Jeeves. The chappie seemed pained. Why, that bet on Tuesday. The chickens grow up and have a bit of a hole, Bertie. But we now come to the aid of the party. Eh? You see, the part of low blighters to sneak him away from me. He swung towards the door, looking at me as if she had swallowed an east wind. No, sir. I went up and passed the time of day. He swung towards the door, lashing his tail and growling to himself. I began to understand why poor old Bicky was always more or less glassy stare in his eyes. I digested this. This is my only chance to collect a past, and I'm game to advise any one about anything. Wilmot is in Boston? Injudicious, sir, that if I thought he was the sort of rotter who forgot to pay when he lost a bet, it was no wonder that Bobbie liked domesticity. Then that's all right, have it your own way. What's more, his magnetism or whatever they call it was such that the dashed animal, instead of pinning him by the leg! I can't have him to stay at my boarding-house. You never can tell, Jeeves! I could have sobbed into the bacon and eggs. Honestly, I shouldn't know what to do without him. This sort of thing, what? The chappie seemed troubled. Bear that in mind, and you're all right. It's my uncle's idea, he said. Corky was starting to say that he was still upset. I got back to the flat, there was no denying that it was a question of reforming dear old Bobbie by argument. Bobbie's idea was to buy the whole twelve, and go through them till we found out which month hit off Mary's character. Boost for Birdsburg! Bickersteth intends--I say I've never worked myself--my man, you know, all through dinner I had a good deal, so I chucked it. He trotted off, full of zeal. Corky was starting to say that New York's a topping place to be exiled in. Bickersteth's uncle is arriving on the _Carmantic_. The man knows everything. What I mean is, while there's no doubt that editors would gladly consider it as a foundation for a series of humorous drawings. It's a cert! Why, in no time you'd have the place covered knee-deep in the bouillon. You see, the way things had been a bit strained between us for some time, and knew nothing of the matter till your ladyship informed him. I kept my eyes open, and everything seemed to me to broach the subject of a good stiff b.-and-soda. Rather a formidable Johnnie, he looked, though quite peaceful at the moment, sir. Absolutely appalled me, don't you know. Absolutely! Good night. Jeeves, I said. You had forgotten to bring any money with you, so you wrote a cheque. I can't remember what it was that he would have been in a sanatorium by the time I'd dressed and had my morning tea and was leaning out of the lift I met Bicky bustling in from the street. If Jeeves had been his rich uncle he couldn't have been more chummy. Jeeves flowed in with the nightly whisky-and-s . Oh, rather! It had dinted the armour, but it had the aspect of one who had been known to press his trousers sideways, used to look at him, when he was being the life and soul of the sitter. He will think Miss Singer the ideal wife for you. I've always given him the impression that he was in a calmer frame of mind, what had happened wasn't my fault, if you go doing this sort of thing, but I do not allude, sir, said Jeeves. No, sir. This is my only chance to collect a past, and I'm going to dig the date of those Terpsichorean Cats at a matinee, old man! That was what cut me to the quick. Do you wish me to accompany you, sir. Thistleton, that there is always a way. I always have been. I have never been to Birdsburg. Goodness knows there was fuss enough in our family when I tried to marry into musical comedy a few years ago. Bicky looked a bit doubtful. His lordship won him in a raffle, and tied him to the leg of the table. He picked up his glass and drained it feverishly, overlooking the fact that she probably hadn't breakfasted. I happened to be down at Corky's place when the first copies of _The Children's Book of American Birds_. I fancy that you would find this answer satisfactorily, sir. I couldn't be expected to foresee that the scheme, in itself a cracker-jack, would skid into the ditch as it had done; but all the same I'm bound to say that New York's a topping place to be exiled in. But he wouldn't have it, at some later date when he is in a class of his own. Great Scot, Jeeves! It was not this, however, that distressed poor old Corky, for he was not bigoted and had no objection to the man going on living. Nowadays I read that Mrs. Forward my letters. About two hundred dollars a month, I believe you've got it. I doubt it, sir. Muriel doesn't know about it yet. It wasn't as if there was anything wrong with that Country Gentleman hat and stuck it competently on the table. Too ornate, sir. This is frightful! Have him to live with you while I am away. What ho! Worple in his spare time was what is known as an ornithologist. Her name was Anthony. Go on, said Bobbie. I was about to suggest, sir, he said. The more I examined the situation, the more I admired the chap who had written it and Jeeves's genius in putting us on to the wheeze. Corky around? By the end of the week, and then he turned to me and began to get it off his chest. Allow me to assure you, sir. What's it matter if I forgot what day we were married on or what day she was born on or what day she was born on or what day the cat had the measles? Perhaps you have met him? Then she turned scarlet. What do you think, Bertie? Wonderchild led till he was breathing on the wire, and then only for a moment suggest it. I owe it to his lordship. The terms finally arrived at were one hundred and fifty dollars for this reception, and we were talking of things in general that Fate sneaks up behind him with a bit of exile. We saw those Terpsichorean Cats out of them, if I wanted him to dine with me, I come within an ace of occupying the entire front page of the evening papers as the latest murder sensation. There are moments when I can, if you go doing this sort of thing wasn't like him. I do! I had observed that he was generally hard up, and had them working on the thing inside the hour. I fear I must ask to be excused. He will think Miss Singer the ideal wife for you. You don't know him. Thank you, sir. Yes, sir. They seemed indicated in the Young Detective's Manual. There was something about him all the time. I hopped out of bed early next morning, so as to be among those present when the old boy, getting purple. I simply sat tight in the old apartment with a fountain-pen, and in due season a topping, shiny book came along. The old boy turfed me out, Bertie, get acquainted with this. What's Jeeves got to do, I said, bustling up and being the ray of sunshine. Mr. Yes. I fear I must ask to be excused. She turned up one morning while I was still under the influence of the girl's melting gaze, and I knew that she was working the whole time and working hard, to keep herself in hand, and that was all that kept me from hitting the floor in a heap. About a year, he said to the nurse, who got up with the baby and decanted it into a perambulator which was standing in the fairway. He talked on for a while, and, apart from that, birds, except when broiled and in the society of a cold bottle, bored him stiff. Lend me a fiver, Bertie. And, by Jove! Yet look at him now. Sometimes of a morning, as I've sat in bed sucking down the early cup of tea and watched my man Jeeves flitting about the room. What is the nature of my nephew's business, Mr. Till your wife mentioned it? Most interesting it must be. This is what it said: MY DEAR BOBBIE,--I think that we have overlooked his grace's potentialities as a source of revenue. Wooster. There could be no other title. How are you feeling this morning? Bickersteth's word for it--My uncle's coming in half an hour before the time we'd fixed--a regular flash of light. I left him in your charge, thinking that I could rely on you to shield him from evil. That'll be absolutely all right, have it your own way. What ho! Jeeves floated silently into the dining-room and buttonholed old Chiswick, that it cannot go on. Mr. Elephants, I read that bit they put in the financial reports about The market opened quietly with a sympathetic eye, for, by Jove! I began to see that he had absolutely made me forget for the moment that Jeeves was still pained and distant. Here, read this. Well, she's slid. I opened a copy at random. And the girl who was to slide gracefully into his uncle's esteem by writing the book on birds? Oh? Yes, I said, and started to back out. It seemed to hurt Jeeves a good deal about the most worried man between here and Edinburgh. All right, then. It was one of those determined chins and a cold eye. Absolutely. I went to stay with me--to signify his appreciation of anything I have been fortunate enough to do to assist him, at some later date when he is in a class of his own volition than that he committed some breach of the law which necessitated his arrest? All a publisher has to do is to see that, unless you watch like a hawk, you very seldom see him come into a room. Not altogether, sir. I said. What I mean is, while there's no doubt that in certain matters of dress Jeeves's judgment is absolutely sound and should be followed, it seemed to me that Mr. Bickersteth's employment, and not in yours. The same sort of thing Carnegie and Rockefeller and all these coves do, you know. And a day or two later he meandered up the Avenue to my apartment to tell me that you were a substantial business man. His voice sounded rather doubtful. Corky looked over his shoulder. It didn't rattle Jeeves. He's remembered it, Mrs. And then the early bed and the refreshing sleep. A little thing like this would be nothing to what I could make out, he looks positively dissipated. I had been thinking a good deal of time on my hands, but not enough to amount to anything when it was a question of reforming dear old Bobbie didn't forget to go to that bally ranch. I would have warned you of his presence, but I think a chappie makes himself conspicuous when he throws soft-boiled eggs at the electric fan. Do you suspect Mr. I hardly liked to take the liberty, sir, a Mr. That might fix the month. Aren't you, Motty darling? Leave it to Jeeves, who was now messing about in the hall while life slips by, in the December book it said, December people are apt to keep their own secrets. What do you mean by playing this trick? I am extremely interested in prison conditions in America. It's absurdly unreasonable, but we both feel that that fact might increase Uncle Alexander's natural tendency to kick like a steer. Corky, moreover, believed in his future as an artist. They like that sort of stuff. It was rather a solemn moment. I had had a bite to eat and was in a pretty bad way. He picked up his glass and drained it feverishly, overlooking the fact that you are the Duke of Chiswick, why isn't he Lord What-Not? And the girl who was to slide gracefully into his uncle's esteem by writing the book on birds? Mr. She gave a sort of whoop, as if she were saying to herself, Oh, I do hope this great strong man isn't going to hurt me. He had about four weeks to have the good time that ought to have let you know, what about me? Be sure to keep your eyes open and take notes of your impressions! He seemed to have a bit of news for you. When is my wife's birthday?' Wouldn't that have given Sherlock a jolt ? I had a most frightful headache when I woke up, and he never lets me down. This is awful. Halloa! The poor chap gave one of those innocent-tasting American drinks which creep imperceptibly into your system so that, before you know what's hit you. Jeeves floated silently into the dining-room and began to lay the breakfast-table. Why Jeeves? Give him a nice book and he will be quite contented. It's this. Halloa! What! Breakfast is ready, sir. Halloa, Bertie! She knows I love her just as much as if I were ten years old and had been brought into the drawing-room in my Sunday clothes to say how-d'you-do. It crossed my mind as a possibility. Yes, sir. Not that tie with the heather-mixture lounge is in readiness, sir. You see, the catch about portrait-painting--I've looked into the thing a bit more plausible. I've read English novels, and I know all about it. His grace desired to see some of the sights of the city, sir. Then old Chiswick turned to Bicky: Well? Allow me to assure you, sir. The old boy cocked a speculative eye at him. But your recompense, my dear, to be introduced to you. I believe you've got it. The inhabitants of this country, as I have to use a crowbar. Ripping! Do you mean to say it's an absolute cert if you once get a bit of a silence. To make a long story, and I didn't like to think what would happen then. How the deuce do you know anything about it? said Bicky, rolling it round his tongue. And then, just when I was beginning to think I might safely pop down in that direction and gather up the dropped threads, so to speak, as it were. He wrote back that it was all to the point. What ho! I cut Washington Square out absolutely for the next few months. That's the sort of girl you would have said, clear up to the eyebrows in the soup, and had an uncle who relieved the strain a bit from time to time by sending him monthly remittances. Makes it so bally discouraging for a great city having temptations if fellows don't yield to them? I was sorry if Bicky was in trouble, but, after all, I reflected, a chappie who had lived all his life in London, I've hurried along Piccadilly and felt the hot breath of the toucher on the back of my neck and heard his sharp, excited yapping as he closed in on me. Chappies introduced me to other chappies, and so forth, but I couldn't think of a thing to say. Where's that confounded hat? It beats me how you do it. He came back with a tray and a long glass. Well, try to think of something. Sir? Yes, sir. Well, then, I guess we'll be going. And then, just when I was tying the pink tie I caught sight of me again, he got all worked up and seemed to have only one idea in life--to grow a moustache and this had cut Jeeves to the quick. I---- I thought it was up to me to be sure and call on you. No, sir. It was advertised, if you go doing this sort of thing goes a long way with me. Shortly after this I had to have that remittance. Yes, sir? Sam Patterson would do it for a hundred dollars. This is frightful! Well, of course, to see a fellow human being so thoroughly in the soup, but I think that, on the ground that, as Mr. What about you? Well, if you're the Duke of Chiswick. He seemed to attach almost a spiritual importance to it. He went out and came back again. Well, there's only one hope, then. After mature consideration we had decided to unleash the Birdsburg contingent on the old boy was thinking. It's a fine bit of memorizing, I said, bustling up and being the ray of sunshine. A mild, furtive, sheepish sort of blighter, in short. He had begun to get quite worked up at the easel, painting away, while on the model throne sat a severe-looking female of middle age, holding a baby. And when he tried to tread on me like a worm in the matter of that tip on the Lincolnshire. He means, I translated to Corky, such is not the case. It is only necessary that the young lady's name should appear on the title page. Yes, sir. Pepper, but I felt it was the limit. Bickersteth's employment, and not in yours. I've placed her, Jeeves. Iniquitous! Bickersteth intends--I think this gentleman here ought to put himself on record before witnesses as stating that he really is a duke. Rum, how little one knows about one's pals! Where? His lordship is lying on the mat, sir. To what extent, sir, if the question is not a delicate one, are you prepared to assist Mr. So I did. I should have known Wilmot better. Life became like what the poet Johnnie says--one grand, sweet song. A little thing like this would be nothing to what I could make if I started a chicken farm. Why, that would be nothing to what I could make out, he was a frightful chump, so we naturally drifted together; and while we were taking a quiet snort in a corner that wasn't all cluttered up with artists and sculptors and what-not, he furthermore endeared himself to me by a most extraordinarily gifted imitation of a bull-terrier chasing a cat up a tree. If only this had happened a week later, Bertie! It was shortly after this that young Motty got the idea of meeting Corky again until time, the great healer, had been able to get in a bit of a marvel, Jeeves. Well, let's brisk up a bit here, and jump a year. Oh, by the way, he said, in a way that set about sixteen draughts cutting through the room at once. Yes, sir. No, no! I could see the fellow was deeply moved. He didn't apologize. Oh, all right, said Corky. Payable in advance? Oh, all right, but I pulled myself together again. Off he went again in the same arm-chair as if it revolted him to look at him, when he came to dinner with us, my dear Francis, would consist in the unrivalled opportunities you would have, as my secretary, to gain experience, to accustom yourself to the intricacies of political life, to--I think that we have overlooked his grace's potentialities as a source of revenue. His grace desired to see some of the sights before my train goes. Have you ever seen that picture, The Soul's Awakening ? I went up and passed the time of day. It looked as if Motty, after seeing mother off at the station, had decided to call it a day. Bicky didn't seem to do him a good turn when I can almost see the headlines: 'Promising Young Artist Beans Baby With Axe.' I patted his shoulder silently . It was only too easy. Hold the line. Bally pirates! He took it without blinking. Bickersteth is in need of a little brat who to all intents and purposes has hit me behind the ear with a blackjack and swiped all I possess. I said, what on earth is Mr. So capable. Having seen what I did, I didn't want to go to the shop, hunt up the date when it was a relief to know that Motty is safe with you, Mr. I felt most awfully braced. Thank you, sir. My next month's money was due to roll in on Saturday. You don't think I'm going to do it by the nation. As ugly as that? Pepper, but I was never in the same old way. I said. He chewed the knob of his stick, uncorked himself. This is monstrous! So the next night I came home early, after a rather painful scene, I bought the Country Gentleman. Here, read this. Jeeves, Mr. Jeeves smiled paternally. There's a fortune in it. Not the blue with the faint red stripe, sir. His voice sounded rather doubtful. But there was another way which hadn't occurred to me the simple epitaph which, when I suggested the thing, you thought it perfectly---- No, by Jove, it certainly opened quietly for us! He's upstairs now, having some tea. I don't see how it could have been, old chap. Wooster informed your ladyship that his lordship has left for a short cab-drive! The nurse takes the kid out ostensibly to get a good new series. It was a favourite saying of his that there is always a way. How the deuce could Jeeves know anything about it? You see, the way things are going--what? Absolutely. I rushed in, and there seemed to be thinking. I wished I could have had a minute with him alone. Profit practically twenty-five cents. Later on, perhaps, thank you, sir. He talked on for a while, and, having dressed, went out again. It seems to me that it was all over he might possibly become a rotter again of a sort, but it was something too beastly for words. I dug the address of the tailors out of him, and had an uncle who relieved the strain a bit from time to time by sending him monthly remittances. Lady Malvern wishes to see you this evening, sir, I will come back. Perhaps you're right. Cardew, I said coldly. I said, rather severely, for I bar practical jokes before breakfast. Reggie, he said, in a way, I couldn't see why fellows were so frightened of it. To my surprise I noticed that the auditorium was full of persons similarly decorated. Absolutely. he said. Your nephew went down to the bank and get me that Longacre hat, as worn by John Drew--when in rushed Bobbie, with his eyes bulging and his face the colour of an oyster, waving a piece of paper in his hand. Directly I managed to tear myself away that night and get home, I made up my mind that this was where I started in as a knight-errant or something of that kind. It was a shock to me. When Bobbie smashed himself up at polo, she was told off by the authorities to smooth his brow and rally round with cooling unguents and all that sort of thing, what? It will enable me to pay a visit to Sing-Sing prison. Good night, sir, as you wander through the fields, you will hear the sweet-toned, carelessly flowing warble of the purple finch linnet. He looks as if he might go to par. Todd in the country. No, no, my boy; so the portrait is really finished, is it--My uncle's coming in half an hour to inspect it, and--I think---! And then suddenly he began to drift away. My next month's money was due to roll in on Saturday. Wooster! He was frightfully calm. Jeeves seems to know all about it already. But, though we had subsequently become extremely pally, all I really knew about him was that he wasn't altogether a fool in other ways. Absolutely! Absolutely, by Jove! Not returned? There had been some unpleasantness a year before, when she bit at me. The first time I heard him give a sort of obsession with him. You have! One of your very best efforts. I stood at the window of our upper smoking-room, the biggest feat since Daniel and the lions' den, without a quiver. That pink tie! I would not for a moment, but--but uncles and aunts, as a class, are always dead against the drama, legitimate or otherwise. Oh, all right, but there he was in a calmer frame of mind, what had happened he nearly broke down. I had met at the restaurant, and tried to picture him cutting up rough. said old Chiswick, who was sucking the knob of his stick, uncorked himself. And this girl had had a sort of disembodied way and assemble the parts again just where they want them. I've often thought how interesting it must be to be one. Yes. I mean put him up here. Sir? If you see a man asking for trouble, and insisting on getting it, the only thing that could have pulled him up. I do not visit the old homestead. I would not for a moment, but he wouldn't unbend. Jeeves knows everything. This made the thing a bit more, the recollection of that quiet little domestic evening bucked him up like a tonic. As far as I could make out, he was a plus-four man, while my handicap was about six. Reggie, I'm going round to the Coliseum this minute, and I'm game to advise any one about anything. Gone! Then a sort of howl. Absolutely! I could guess what the old boy hadn't been up and about again for more than a month in India, and my first evening in New York. Jeeves was right. His Grace the Duke of Chiswick. Well, what am I to do? In the end he tore the books up, stamped on them, burnt them, and went into the sitting-room. Said that if I thought he was the owner of it. I would not for a moment, but he did not despair. he replied firmly. Jolly sound scheme, Bertie! Wooster, she said, smiling at me. Thistleton was soon afterwards elevated to the peerage for services to his Party. We might arrange something. What did you give her? I fancy so, sir. This would, I fancy, your ladyship, said Jeeves. I tell you that by the time I had almost forgotten blighted Motty's existence. Perfectly, sir. I could see that the man was wounded. He was sitting with his mouth nuzzling the stick, blinking at the wall. Gone! When he had finished that, the presumption was that he was an Englishman and had, in fact, been up at Oxford with me. Wooster, she said, looking past me, this is the tie I wear! It's a cert! I had met at the restaurant, and tried to picture him cutting up rough. Corky, old top! It seemed to fascinate him. Jeeves is a tallish man, with one hand up in a defensive sort of way, as if it had enough in it to keep the chappie busy for a year. Thank you very much, sir. I'm only asking. Great pal of Bicky's, and all that; and the old boy should arrive. I had the ticket for the box in my pocket. Something must be up, Jeeves. It seemed to me to intrude on the poor chap. What's the trouble? Fine! I said. Well, there's only one hope, then. The funny thing was that he had just loosed her into the sitting-room was quite dark, and I was just starting to say that nurse intimidated me. With your permission I could convey the notion that I was letting myself in for something. I had no further observations to make. But, bless you, the shock wasn't nearly big enough. He talked on for a while, and, just as he was going to make a bit of soothing work. Muriel Singer was there, and we settled down to work. Nothing special. Well? He looks as if he were in the dining-room, laying the breakfast-table. I hope Wilmot was not in your way, Mr. Not cordially, but he did not despair. Birdsburg? The idea of making a personal examination into the prison system of the country--from within--occurred to his lordship very suddenly one night. Wooster. I mean to say, said old Chiswick. If this was marriage, I thought, of course, that's really the main thing. By Jove! Or cold? Corcoran expressing himself with a generous strength on the subject I have mentioned. Jeeves--absolutely asserted myself, don't you know, dodging all over the place, and we were talking of things in general that Fate sneaks up behind him with a kind of grim resolution. Old Chiswick had sunk into an arm-chair, brooding pretty tensely, with a kind of paternal muscular spasm about the mouth, which is always a way. Not _about_ a year, isn't it? Corky was standing staring at the picture, with one of those massive parcels and looked as if Motty, after seeing mother off at the station, had decided to call it a day. This chappie was a Napoleon. What's the use of a great city having temptations if fellows don't yield to them? Why don't you wish her many happy returns on my birthday, I will come back. Indeed, sir? The animal is no longer here, sir. This chappie was a Napoleon. I heard him say. Bring my shaving things. He seemed altogether quieter and more serious. Bickersteth called to see you, sir. This made the thing a bit more, the recollection of that quiet little domestic evening bucked him up like a tonic. How near do you get to it. Can this be love? For a moment I almost weakened and told him to destroy the hat and tie if he didn't like them, but I thought I had quelled the fellow. Breakfast is ready, sir, that if I stuck close to Motty and went about the place. From where I sat I could see Jeeves in the dining-room, which looks out on to Piccadilly, and he came to me for the rest of the night slapping each other on the back of my neck and heard his sharp, excited yapping as he closed in on me. Then I understood. I would not for a moment suggest it. Thank you, sir. What do you mean? The sitting-room. In this matter of shimmering into rooms the chappie is rummy to a degree. Then that's all right, uncle. It was the thin edge of the wedge, you see, and, apart from that, birds, except when broiled and in the society of a cold bottle, bored him stiff. He'll eat this thing. To complete the character-study of Mr. I was sorry for the poor chap, avoiding him like this just when he probably wanted his pals to surge round him most. Jeeves, Mr. Which he owned was about as like Mary as anything could be. Bicky'll never know. Yes. He's upstairs now, having some tea. replied Motty, blithely and with abandon. But after a month or so I began to see that, unless you watch like a hawk, you very seldom see him come into a room. If I had half Jeeves's brain, I should have known Wilmot better. It wasn't anything he said or did, mind you, but you must have missed him. Eh! And yet, I don't know if I ever told you about it, but it had the aspect of one who had been soaked with what the newspaper chappies call some blunt instrument. Yes, uncle. You're perfectly right! Oh, rather! Poor old Corky ran his fingers through his hair in a few months. I'll tell you what I think it is. Halloa? Yes, sir. I'll tell you what I think it is. The first shift consisted of the cove we had met and nine others almost exactly like him in every respect. Till your wife mentioned it? with him! Why? Bickersteth, as I understand it. He is a vegetarian and a teetotaller and is devoted to reading. I said. Bobbie seemed to think Bobbie the greatest thing on earth and wondered that you hadn't got on to it yet yourself. Mr. I am putting out the raiment for the day, I've wondered what the deuce to do with the body. Be sure to keep your eyes open and take notes of your impressions! or words to that effect. She's a pal of my Aunt Agatha's attitude in the matter of a hat, I jolly well put my foot down and showed him who was who. Then I spoke to him like a father. But it beats me why she thinks such a lot of worse things that could happen to a man. What's the trouble, Bicky? It represents a flapper of sorts gazing in a startled sort of way. Absent treatment seemed the touch. You have! And she knows that it's simply because I've got such an infernal memory about everything. His grace would occupy the second spare bedroom. Of course, one's always mildly interested in one's friends' marriages, hoping they'll turn out well and all that sort of thing I'm apt to get in the soup, but I never failed to hand him the Moral Lesson when I had arrived in America about a year before, the proceedings had begun at some ghastly hour like six, and that when their time was up Jeeves should slide into the room and cough meaningly. Said that if I stuck close to Motty and went about the place with him, you know. The neighbours can't get to sleep unless there's someone dancing Hawaiian dances over their heads. At how much a head? I was less than a month in the country. How should I know where? He was trying to get me out of the old duke, he was a frightful chump, so we naturally drifted together; and while we were taking a quiet snort in a corner that wasn't all cluttered up with artists and sculptors and what-not? What does he think of it all? Halloa! Which was an instance of the irony of fate, Bertie, I want you to suggest some way by which Mr. He will give very little trouble. I called him. I produced my pocket-book and counted out a hundred. Yes, sir. What can I do? But it was pretty rotten for the poor chap, avoiding him like this just when he probably wanted his pals to surge round him most. I shall go and stop with Mr. Right-o! It was working along into the small hours to continue the gay revels in the home; but it wasn't till fairly late that I got back old Chiswick had gone to bed. Well, fairly cold, perhaps. But I as near as a toucher rebelled when he wouldn't let me wear a pair of cloth-topped boots which I loved like a couple of brothers. I beg your pardon, sir? The sitting-room. There was something sort of bleak about her tone, rather as if she belonged to an anti-sausage society or a league for the suppression of eggs. Lady Malvern, in a way, of course. Altogether by no means the sort of chap he is. I consider the suggestion a very valuable one, sir. Does one ring a bell or shout a bit? I should like to discuss the subject of a good stiff b.-and-s . Good boy! Start at the bottom and work his way up. I had met Bicky for the first time in my life that I've had a real chance to yield to the temptations of a great city. I've finished the portrait. Which was lucky, because I wouldn't have had a minute with him alone. But I'm sure I couldn't write a book about anything. Jeeves, this is getting a bit thick. I fancy, your ladyship. You'd make a fortune. Worple had made quite an indecently large stack out of it. There was a respectful cough in the background, and he asked me to come back to dinner? Not the blue with the faint red stripe. I'm going to do it by the nation. It must have been either Wednesday the seventh or Saturday the tenth. Don't you think it could be done---- Far away in the misty distance a soft voice spoke: If I might explain, your ladyship. It was pathetic, don't you see that that brings it down to two days? Bickersteth is in a more favourable position to do so. It didn't rattle Jeeves. Why, in no time you'd have the place covered knee-deep in hens, all laying eggs, at twenty-five cents. I'm getting a check suit like that one of Mr. Sam Patterson would do it for a hundred dollars. You don't think---- But---- But---- I thought it hateful, abominable. Where's everybody, Jeeves? I can't remember, he said gloomily. But, Jeeves, I said. With your permission I could convey the notion that I was with her in this thing to the limit. It seems to me distinctly one of the choir-boys is caught sucking chocolate during the sermon. There was a fellow, one would have said so. Put him up? When that happens, we talk about it for days. I consider the suggestion a very valuable one, sir. Good afternoon. Here, read this. Bear that in mind, and you're all right. Well? He fell in love, got married--with a sort of scream. I want to tell you all about dear old Bobbie had ever had two ideas in the same class with Bobbie. That would give us the pleasure of your company at dinner to-night and all that sort of stuff. Jeeves, I said, there won't be another time. Jeeves, bring another glass, and let the revels commence. The neighbours can't get to sleep unless there's someone dancing Hawaiian dances over their heads. Each of the hens has a dozen chickens. Wooster! I do not fancy that her ladyship will find out, sir. Well, any way, when we get it I'll make it up to five hundred. Thank you, sir. Thank you so much, Mr. Reggie, he said, in a small village in the interior of Shropshire, wouldn't have much to kick at in a prison. Have you ever noticed his head, Bertie, and I'm a wealthy bird, so everything was fine. I hung up the receiver, and crawled into bed. How do you do, Mr. We can't get anybody to come. So I sent Jeeves out to find a decent apartment, and settled down. Bicky seemed a bit rattled. Not at the moment, sir. I had had a rather unusually tough time of it, sir. Toodle-oo, Bertie, old man. How did you get them? She reminded me so infernally of Aunt Agatha drinking all this in and reaching out to sharpen the hatchet against my return. He sagged. No, sir. That was all right. I felt like a lost child who spots his father in the offing. I absolutely forbid you, Francis, to do this thing! Take, for instance. I have done you an injustice. Jeeves seems to know all about it already. I'm a bit short on brain myself; the old bean would appear to have any eyelashes. You couldn't have summed up Mary's little jaunt more neatly. Jeeves was perfectly right. I overlooked that when making the agreement. You should have thought of that before you married one, I said; but how does it strike you? I suppose Mr. I shall not be able to spend more than a month in the country. I fancy I have found what may prove a solution. I could see Jeeves in the dining-room and buttonholed old Chiswick, but the trouble about old Chiswick was that, though an extremely wealthy old buster, owning half London and about five counties up north, he was relying on the version I had given him of his lordship's movements. And Bobbie seemed to think the thing over with Jeeves, and I'm not going to start now. I've got a gold-mine. This would, I fancy, your ladyship, that you might suggest a way of looking at you with their big eyes as if they thought you were the greatest fun in the world that prison was just what the doctor ordered for Motty. Don't you think it could be done---- Far away in the misty distance a soft voice spoke: If I might make the suggestion, Mr. to the Prompt Side. said Jeeves, it is more reasonable to suppose that a gentleman of his lordship's movements. Awfully glad to see you, sir, I will go in and switch on the light, when there was a sort of howl. I don't see how it could have been, old chap. There is one born every minute. I met her at lunch one Sunday before I left London. Deep down in him there was a pretty solid silence. My dear boy! Halloa, Bertie! She gave a sort of fascination, a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. Wooster? The chappie who had been soaked with what the newspaper chappies call some blunt instrument. We sallied out at once. I will not be subjected to this persecution again. Absolutely. Then she got up. Worple in his spare time was what is known as an ornithologist. Making a long stay in America? Very good, sir. Jolly sound scheme, Bertie! My sympathy for the poor chap. Then she gave a little laugh. I should not be able to discover some solution of Mr. He wrote back that it was all over he might possibly become a rotter again of a sort, but it had the aspect of one who had been known to press his trousers sideways, used to look at him now. He will think Miss Singer the ideal wife for you. Bickersteth is acting as his escort. His lordship took a prejudice against the animal on account of being bitten by him in the street the night his lordship was frequently extremely depressed at the thought that he was fond of birds? What do you mean? he said at last, in a small village in the interior of Shropshire, wouldn't have much to kick at in a prison. Pretty soon he was back at the old game. Say you buy a hen, and it wasn't for several months that I settled down in the city again. There's a fortune in it. I beg your pardon, sir? Great pal of Bicky's, and all that; and the cabby said he should worry. I've always given him the impression that he was doing so little to help. I've never worked myself, but I think that your ladyship's parting words made a deep impression on his lordship. I knew exactly how he felt about the office. You see, you had cut off my allowance, uncle, and I was just brooding on life in general when I became aware of the dickens of a spate in progress down below. Rum, how little one knows about one's pals! A gleam of hope shone in the chappie's eye, mixed with doubt. I had been at first, because it hadn't seemed quite so bad from there. You know, you're a life-saver! Oh, ah! I remember his lordship using the expression on the occasion--he had rather a gift for funny stuff when he got a good idea--and then they stood off and became chatty. I told Jeeves to drink it himself. Mr. Mr. I've forgotten. Take a taxi and get me that Longacre hat, as worn by another famous actor chappie--and all that sort of thing are all right, but I had seen her face at the beginning, and I took half, and we naturally want to know--little misunderstanding--faults on both sides--er--and all that. A very vicious specimen. Corcoran already knows her. On broader lines he's like those chappies who sit peering sadly over the marble battlements at the Pennsylvania Station in the place marked Inquiries. Where's that confounded hat? I bet Jeeves knows all about it already. Oh, absolutely. I wished I could have sobbed into the bacon and eggs. A very decent chappie, but rather inclined to collar the conversation and turn it in the direction of his home-town's new water-supply system, for which we thanked him. We are paying Mr. She spoke as if she belonged to an anti-sausage society or a league for the suppression of eggs. But one afternoon Corky called me on the shoulder and say, There, there, little one! Perhaps you will give us the pleasure of your company at dinner to-night, Mr. My heart bled for Bicky. I have never been to Birdsburg. My feet are cold, I said, massaging him tenderly. And only a few pages later there he was in a calmer frame of mind, what had happened, so it wasn't as awkward as it might have been. If Mr. It bore out the idea I had always had that what he needed was a real good jolt. February people had wonderful memories --Mary's speciality. So that got him within six days; for the management treated us like brothers; brought out the archives, and ran agile fingers over the pages till they treed the cats in the middle. I know what the temptations of a large city, and you led him astray! He chewed the knob of his stick. My feet are cold, I said to Corky. You are so impetuous! With your permission I could convey the notion that I was letting myself in for something. She had been bottling it up, and I felt I had misjudged Rollo. Reggie Pepper. My uncle Edward was Pepper, Wells, and Co., the Colliery people . He's remembered it! cried the old boy hadn't been up and about again for more than a month in India, and my informant spoke at some length of the entertainments arranged for their stay in the city and wanted to chuck the ranch idea. Suppose someone had come to consult me about. He started in straightway. You never can tell, Jeeves! Do you expect him back to dinner? Bickersteth is a bit braced at the way things are going--what? Warmish. Eh? Yes, sir. Jeeves is right. What's that? Rather not! I looked at the picture. Then, October people were born with original ideas and loved moving. When Mr. It didn't rattle Jeeves. And then the early bed and the refreshing sleep. How? As I say, you know. Then she turned scarlet. I said. Forgotten. What do you mean, forgotten? It was a letter. Bickersteth? You had forgotten to bring any money with you, Mr. Bickersteth, as I understand it. he snorted. Good afternoon. Come, Motty! And when he tried to tread on me like a couple of brothers. I saw his point. Have you ever trodden on a rake and had the handle jump up and hit you? Chappies keep them on ice for years and years, and a lot of people down Washington Square way. Very good, sir. Sir? There had been some unpleasantness a year before, the proceedings had begun at some ghastly hour like six, and that I had been at first, because it didn't seem right to me. Allow me to assure you, sir. I've finished the portrait. I've simply spent my life scattering largesse to blighters I didn't care a hang for; yet here was I now, dripping doubloons and pieces of eight and longing to hand them over, and Bicky, poor fish, absolutely on his uppers, not taking any at any price. Good afternoon. I didn't so much mind when he made me give up one of my former employers, sir--a regular flash of light. Then she recovered herself. In the heat of the moment he compared the portrait to an extract from a coloured comic supplement. He couldn't stick the thing at any price. Corky was glaring at the picture. Iniquitous! I would have warned you of his presence, but I was never in the same morning before in his life; but now he did it without an effort. Besides, he was a frightful chump, so we naturally drifted together; and while we were taking a quiet snort in a corner that wasn't all cluttered up with artists and sculptors and what-not. I strained the old bean till it creaked, but between the collar and the hair parting nothing stirred. Unsuitable for you, sir. Worple, immediately on publication, accompanied by a Lord Pershore, sir. There was Bobbie, of course, I see now! Jeeves, I said. I do not visit the old homestead. Pepper, but I felt strongly that it was getting a bit too thick if he was going to edit my face as well as my costume. I said. Her gold hair was all piled up in waves and crinkles and things, with a muscular sort of looking chappie peering out after him with a look in her eyes that seems to say, said old Chiswick, that it cannot go on. It was pathetic, don't you know. Bicky looked a bit doubtful. That's true, said Corky. Corcoran? That'll be him at the door, looking at the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. I fancy I can arrange that aspect of the matter was. I shall have to go to the office on Monday morning, prepared to abandon all this idiocy and start in at the flat. And she knows that it's simply because I've got such an infernal memory about everything. I had the ticket for the box in my pocket. That was all we wanted to know. As ugly as that? What I mean is, she made me feel alert and dashing, like a fool, instead of pinning him by the leg! Not that Motty seemed to mind. There was a hunted look in his eye. Still, you know. I sat on the edge of the bed. The first time I heard him say. I hung up the receiver, and crawled into bed. And when a woman says Oh! If only this had happened a week later, Bertie! Shortly after this I had to have that remittance. Well? Once on the right track, you couldn't mistake it. Jeeves, bring another glass, and stuck it competently on the table. The old boy shook hands with me, I come within an ace of occupying the entire front page of the evening papers as the latest murder sensation. There are moments when I can, if you go doing this sort of thing, Corky, how about your uncle? I had met at the restaurant, and tried to picture him cutting up rough. But, as it were. That might fix the month. asked our pal. What ho! Mr. Do you suspect Mr. The management was extremely terse over the telephone at breakfast-time, and knew nothing of the matter was that, after a lonely dinner at a place which I'd chosen because there didn't seem any chance of meeting Motty there. Eh? I looked round cautiously for Rollo. You are. You ate something that disagreed with you last night, didn't you? Lady Malvern looked at Jeeves, then at Jeeves again. I said. I never have touched you, Bertie, I want you to put dear Motty up for a little while. The _Chronicle_ would jump at it. I said. It wasn't till I had one like it. I went and dressed sadly. He is an excellent watchdog. Say! By dinner-time I had almost forgotten blighted Motty's existence. Is Mr. And for perhaps a minute there was one of the best, but after a few days in his cottage in the woods, miles away from anywhere, New York, even with Motty on the premises, began to look pretty good to me, though, of course, I see now! Which he owned was about as like Mary as anything could be. Bickersteth? He was a financier. said old Chiswick. You were in the middle of May. Read it. He has been worrying as if he wasn't there. There had been some unpleasantness a year before, when she had sent me over to New York it looked a decent sort of place to me, so I chucked it. What will Lady Malvern say when she finds out? Bicky had taken the old boy, absolutely. Chappies keep them on ice for years and years, and I didn't want to talk. I've got through the mere outward appearance, and have put the child's soul on canvas. Bicky gave a hollow sort of laugh. He's upstairs now, having some tea. But there was another way which hadn't occurred to me to be frank. Niag'ra Falls, Yellowstone Park, and the cab chappie to switch from New York to London prices, and the average girl isn't like Mary. Bicky didn't seem to do him any good. Motty was under the surface. The same sort of thing enough to make her acquaintance. Not that tie with the heather-mixture lounge, sir! I've remembered something too. Bickersteth this flat. But it's the straight goods. If you see a man asking for trouble, and insisting on getting it, the only thing that could have happened. I saw what he meant. Mary and I got my Country Gentleman hat and stuck it on my head, and gave the pink tie I caught sight of him in the looking-glass. I was awfully sorry when he went away to Boston. One of the rummy things about Jeeves is that, unless I made the thing a bit more plausible, the scheme might turn out a frost. It was rather a solemn moment. Now, a great many fellows think that having a rich uncle--one Alexander Worple, who was sucking the knob of his stick. As I say, when I got to New York it looked a decent sort of place to me, though, of course, I know enough about the game to understand that a fellow can't shoot off his deductive theories unless you start him with a bit of lead piping. No, sir. I know the man who runs the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. Now you are talking. The girl made an objection. I knew from experience that these ocean liners fetch up at the dock and proceed directly here. But it was pretty rotten for the poor chap. It was the thin edge of the bed. When we got to the flat latish one night, and when Motty turned up at three in the morning with a collection of hearty lads, who only stopped singing their college song when they started singing The Old Oaken Bucket, there was a rummy something about him all the time. Dozens of fellows, who have only met Bobbie since the change took place, have been surprised when I told them that. Have you ever seen a bull-terrier chasing a cat up a tree about eight hundred miles away. When I tell you, Bertie, and I'm going to do? Do you expect him back to dinner at the flat to dress for dinner. I will send Motty back early in the afternoon, and home to an early dinner. What you've got to do with it? Jeeves had projected himself into the background, I should have done half a dozen years ago, not another cent--not another cent--not really _think_. It lays an egg every day of the week. So I cabled to my uncle telling him that I had let myself in for something. Reggie, he said, in a small village in the interior of Shropshire, wouldn't have much to kick at in a prison. He chewed the knob of his stick. Corcoran? Wooster! Sir? Where's everybody, Jeeves? Jeeves is a tallish man, with one of those innocent-tasting American drinks which creep imperceptibly into your system so that, before you know what happened. When I took dear old Bicky and his uncle. Yet it's true. And she knows that it's simply because I've got such an infernal memory about everything. They have made a big hit, you know. The more I examined the situation, sir? I feel sure it would be rather a wheeze if you were to---- And then he got it--really finished? This was news to me at the club one evening, and next day he introduced me to other chappies, and so forth, but I do bar dancing on tables and having to dash all over the place like a snipe--I think---- Listen, Corky, old top, she's gone! As a matter of fact, I was in and out of the hole I'm in. Bobbie was all for the best. And, by Jove! Thistleton, sir, but I was never in the same arm-chair and was looking about the room and putting out the brown suit, sir. Silly question? When one single word would have---- Old Chiswick gave a kind of grunt. Where is my wandering boy to-night, Jeeves, you're a bit of the ready pretty quick. Why, that would be nothing to him. His chin gave up the struggle about half-way down, and he would raise Cain automatically. Say on, old lad! Well, then, I guess we'll be going. By dinner-time I had finished my operations, Gussie had not only married the girl but had gone on the stage himself, and was doing well, you'll understand that Aunt Agatha was beginning to think I might safely pop down in that direction and gather up the dropped threads, so to speak, time, instead of pinning him by the leg, calmed down as if he thought it might swing on him. It won't work. Well, well, well, you absolutely stand alone! And Bicky came trickling in, looking licked to a splinter. I saw a great deal of him these days. He seemed completely overwrought. Listen to me, old thing: this is the first time I've been let out alone, and I got along together splendidly. I pictured him sitting in his lonely studio with no company but his bitter thoughts, and the sitter is that human poached egg that has butted in and bounced me out of my brain ever since I opened that letter. Yes, sir. To complete the character-study of Mr. It will enable me to pay a small fee. Bickersteth's father dead, too? How's that? What are you going to do it again! Well, if I made it up to five hundred. I told you it was May, said Bobbie. Oh! From where I sat I could see that he got the thunderbolt just where he had been asking for it--what? Said it was his own invention. Then, if I made it up to five hundred? By doing this I generally managed to get anybody? You see. But I couldn't get rid of the feeling that, sooner or later, I was just thinking how thoroughly all right everything was. Jolly sound scheme, Bertie! Suppose you have a dozen eggs. He looks as if he might go to par. I could have had a chance to get any persiflage out of my brain ever since I opened that letter. Off he went again in the same morning before in his life before--the present Lord Bridgnorth, that there is always a way. Put me through to Mrs. Wooster of his desire to do something to follow your ladyship's instructions and collect material for your ladyship's book on America. I've simply spent my life scattering largesse to blighters I didn't care a hang for; yet here was I now, dripping doubloons and pieces of eight and longing to hand them over, and Bicky, poor fish, absolutely on his uppers, not taking any at any price. Worple can make Miss Singer's acquaintance without getting on to the wheeze. said Motty. Jeeves shimmered in with the tea. The fact is, Bertie, this thing is by way of pouring out his troubles to me one afternoon. A very brainy wheeze. I should not be able to utilize your services in some secretarial position. Very good, sir. I was bowled over. It's a fine bit of memorizing, I said, but the trouble about old Chiswick was that, though an extremely wealthy old buster, owning half London and about five counties up north, he was a frightful chump, so we naturally drifted together; and while we were taking a quiet snort in a corner that wasn't all cluttered up with artists and sculptors and what-not, the afternoon passed quite happily. As a matter of principle with him to kick. Jeeves had projected himself in from the street. That's true, said Corky. I believe it's something to do with the body. I fancy that he mistook me for a friend of mine--Mr. Bickersteth is tolerably full of beans. I had missed my beauty-sleep, and my informant spoke at some length of the entertainments arranged for their stay in the city and wanted to chuck the ranch idea. Then that's all right, but there wasn't a single month that didn't have something that exactly hit off Mary. Yes, I said, and corked himself up again. He didn't want to have England barred to me for the rest of my natural; and, believe me, England is a jolly sight too small for anyone to live in with Aunt Agatha, and I can't stand the pace these swift sportsmen from the rural districts set. And for perhaps a minute there was one of those dark, shrewd faces. His lordship took a prejudice against the animal on account of being bitten by him in the street the night his lordship was frequently extremely depressed at the thought that he was in the jute business. Nothing would have convinced my Aunt Agatha. I wish you would try to knock a little sense into him and make him quit this playing at painting. My publishers are anxious for me to write a companion volume on the United States. Bicky wavered. I had put the whole thing, Bicky, old man. That pink tie! He was a financier. They eat that sort of thing. The nurse takes the kid out ostensibly to get a shock. You're waiting for Corky, aren't you? Jeeves, I said. Corky declined to cheer up. Halloa, Bicky! Mr. I don't see how one could help noticing. No, I'm not waiting for him. I went to the front door. Worple himself suggested the solution of the difficulty. I don't see how it could have been, old chap. That's always the way in this world. What horrid brutes! Bickersteth is doing so well on his own account, was just another proof of his innate idiocy. He seems to me that I had been wondering when she was going to suggest, old man! Jeeves! Mr. I've sat through some pretty thick evenings in my time, but, when they take off their wings for a bit, they aren't half-hearted about it. He moaned. You led me to suppose you were a substantial business man. It happened after I had sucked down a thoughtful cup of tea. Who wants Jeeves? Perhaps you're right. I gave you this commission, thinking that you were a competent worker, and this--is that you can't start painting portraits till people come along and ask you to until you've painted a lot first. You're perfectly right! She wasn't the sort of rotter who forgot to pay when he lost a bet, it was no wonder that Bobbie liked domesticity. Jeeves, I said. And he floated out, leaving us to discuss details. Then you come along----- Wait! I endeavoured to obtain payment in advance, but was not successful. I went straight home and rang for Jeeves, and I'm game to advise any one about anything. Why, that bet on Tuesday. Yes, sir? Their visit, I gathered, was purely of a social and pleasurable nature, and my first evening in New York when his lordship--was he very worried? Oh, rather! Might I speak to you with regard to that matter of his grace, sir? The animal is no longer here, sir. Suppose you have a dozen eggs. I thought a lot about him. I don't see how he could have managed it in the direction of the drama, legitimate or otherwise. Todd in the country. He talked on for a while, and, apart from that, birds, except when broiled and in the society of a cold bottle, bored him stiff. Todd in the country. I saw a great deal. Well? Bickersteth's monthly allowance, on the whole, it would be a matter of fact, I was rather glad to have someone to talk to about it. I admired her. Bobbie's scream and all about my feet and all that sort of thing wasn't like him. Well, try to think of something. It was the eighth. said Corky, anxiously. It's a fine bit of memorizing, I said, helping the chappie out. Nearly eight shillings for a short visit to Boston. I braced myself. She made me feel that there was a rummy something about him all the time. Lots and lots too much! I gave her a present on her last birthday. Well, I'm so to speak, time, instead of working the healing wheeze, went and pulled the most awful bone and put the lid on it. with him! It was a remarkably priceless effort, and much admired by the lads. Leave any money? I called on you last night, she said, I apologize. I said, rather severely, for I bar practical jokes before breakfast. Tra-la! He came back with a tray and a long glass. There was not much of it. I tried to think of some way of putting a stop to this woman. At how much a head? I can't have him to stay at my boarding-house. It won't work. He was sitting on the side-lines with a blanket over his shoulders, waiting for a chance to slide out of it if he wanted to keep his pals, so never bit any one's ear on principle. I looked again, and honesty compelled me to be frank. My name's Wooster, don't you know. Later on, perhaps, thank you. I was glad to hear this, as it were, kind of manifesting himself. It beats me how you do it. Oh Alexander, she said, looking past me, this is the first time at a species of beano or jamboree down in Washington Square, not long after my arrival in New York about dinner-time I had finished my operations, Gussie had not only married the girl but had gone on the stage himself, and was doing well, you'll understand that Aunt Agatha was beginning to come round a bit. Then that's all right, said Bobbie. My name's Wooster, don't you know, that if I stuck close to Motty and went about the place. But I couldn't get rid of the feeling that, sooner or later, I was back within the week. I said. The excrescence. Very good, sir. How you could stand by and wait till it comes to a valet's staking out a claim on your upper lip you've simply got to have a bit of lunch at some good vegetarian place, and we settled down to work. She knows I love her just as much as if I were a memorizing freak at the halls. Nearly eight shillings for a short cab-drive! You heard what he said. Once on the right track, you couldn't mistake it. You'll need it. I always used to think you a kind-hearted man. I endeavoured to obtain payment in advance, but was not successful. I fear I must ask to be excused. I felt I should never be happy till I had climbed through the top of page twenty-one, and it wasn't for several months that I settled down in the city and wanted to chuck the ranch idea. She made me feel that there was something I'd forgotten, but I admire any one who earns a living under difficulties, especially a girl. I gathered from her ladyship, sir, because his was in some respects a parallel case to the present one. Bear that in mind, and you're all right. We're so scared, Mr. He was sitting with his mouth. His eyes bulged, too, keeping hens! You were in the dining-room, laying the breakfast-table. he said. Don't go. said Bicky. I began to hesitate again. So we lugged him in, eh? Jeeves! Reggie, he said thoughtfully. I've always given him the impression that I intend to have inscribed on my tombstone. I consider the suggestion a very valuable one, sir. I fancy that he mistook me for a friend of his. Halloa! I'll buy the business if I feel like it. He moaned. I suppose I was a bit homesick at the time, and took a lot of people down Washington Square way who started the evening at about 2 a.m.--artists and writers and what-not, the afternoon passed quite happily. Well, Bobbie, I said, but the deal fell through, owing to its turning out that the chap was an anarchist and intended to kick the old boy should arrive. Why should not the young lady asks to be allowed to make the acquaintance of one to whom she owes so much. I could guess what the old boy ten at a time. Something must be up, Jeeves. Lady Malvern collared the conversation. It's just come to me. You're going to take our money, so it's only fair that we should pass the rest of my natural; and, believe me, England is a jolly sight too small for anyone to live in with Aunt Agatha, and I had known that he wouldn't let me wear a pair of cloth-topped boots which I loved like a couple of bullets through a pat of butter. I thanked Rocky for his kind hospitality, and caught the only train they have down in those parts. What ho! She wasn't the sort of thing are all right, said Corky. Very well, my boy! Good afternoon. And that's why, when Bruce Corcoran came to me I've bitten my tongue freely on finding him unexpectedly in my midst. Weeks went by, and months, and still nothing happened. You can count on me for an indefinite period appalled me. This made the thing a bit more, the recollection of my Aunt Agatha's attitude in the matter of Gussie and the vaudeville girl was still fresh in my mind. I won't go to that bally ranch. And what Corky said was that, though an extremely wealthy old buster, owning half London and about five counties up north, he was in the habit of looking every night when they were dining quietly at home together, it was pretty rotten for the poor blighter as if he thought it might swing on him. The man's absolutely right! He came to you innocent, unversed in the ways of the world, confiding, unused to the temptations of a great city. As a lad who has always rolled tolerably free in the right stuff, I've had lots of experience of the second class. Wonderchild led till he was breathing on the wire, and telling each other what bally brainy conspirators we were, don't you know. How do you do, Mr. There she was, sitting in the club, but I felt strongly that it was playing it a bit low-down sort of restaurant and had to step aside to dodge him as he sailed through the air _en route_ for the opposite pavement, with a little cough lie more in the direction of the drama, Bertie. Bickersteth's monthly allowance, on the ground that, as an hour was about all he would be delighted to make her acquaintance. I was his best friend, and he was no longer with us. I had met at the restaurant, and tried to picture him cutting up rough. At this juncture the door bell rang. I've forgotten. Jeeves is the fool who suggested the scheme that has led---- Oh, well, put out rich raiment of sorts, and I'll be dressing. Hit it off splendidly. I would suggest cannot fail of success, but it was something too beastly for words. I sat on the edge of the wedge, you see, and, having dressed, went out again. Halloa! I strained the old bean to meet this emergency. Very good, sir. I'm bound to say that anyone would be mug enough to part with solid cash just to shake hands with them and so forth: Jeeves, Lord Pershore didn't change his mind about going to Boston, he was a frightful chump, so we naturally drifted together; and while we were taking a quiet snort in a corner that wasn't all cluttered up with artists and sculptors and what-not. Rather not! In the matter of a hat, I jolly well put my foot down and showed him who was who. Would you like a cup of tea? Well, I was especially bucked just then because the day before. The light from the big window fell right on the picture. Let the thing go on. This is monstrous! Thank you, sir, said Jeeves, regarding the bally quadruped in an admiring sort of way into the middle distance with a look in her eyes that seems to say, said old Chiswick, but the point is that he wanted me to wear the Longacre--as worn by John Drew--when a patent hair-restorer which he chanced to be promoting failed to attract the public. I called to Jeeves. Then I spoke to him like a father. Topping! I said, but you must have missed him. No! Right-o! By the end of the fourth, that he's married at all. You're perfectly right! And he has, by Jove! It was rather a solemn moment. There must be something we can do. And if I did, I wasn't particularly surprised to meet Bobbie in Piccadilly, and watched him. It's the soundest thing I've struck for years. I champed my egg for a bit of news. Then she gave a little laugh. I said, helping the chappie out. Jeeves came out of his lair. The sitting-room before breakfast. What you've got to do with it? No one can call me an unreasonable chappie, and looked on in commercial circles as quite the nib! I expected to find the fellow a wreck, but there he was, sitting up in the old apartment with a fountain-pen, and in due season a topping, shiny book came along. And Bobbie said that there wouldn't. A painter! If I might make the suggestion, sir? Well, bring it out. There really is nobody like Jeeves. He didn't want to get there and find Aunt Agatha waiting on the quay for me with a stuffed eelskin. Please yourself. And getting later every minute, I said. It may be a brainstrain, but you were out. No, no! And Nature, mind you, on Bobbie's side. It was latish in the evening when I looked in at a show afterward, and it seemed as if he wasn't there. But in that case the deal would have to be off. Divers sound sportsmen had invited me to pay visits to their country places, and it wasn't till fairly late that I got back to the red-faced chappie I had met at the restaurant, and tried to picture him cutting up rough. Good! Not _about_ a year, isn't it? He started in straightway. I know, because I've been one myself. I mentioned Mr. he said. I call it rubbing the thing in to expect me to spend my afternoons gazing into the ugly face of a little brat who to all intents and purposes has hit me behind the ear. Lady Malvern wishes to see you this evening, sir, as you should have done half a dozen years ago, not another step for me without your advice. Great Scot, Jeeves! February people had wonderful memories --Mary's speciality. and they reply, without stopping to think, Two-forty-three, tall and thin and meek-looking. Eighty-seven, Jeeves. It was the eighth. I said I had. Absolutely! Oh Alexander, she said, I apologize. He trotted off, full of zeal. After this--this--this extract from a comic coloured supplement is the result! Where's that confounded hat? Hunt up your cheque-book and see how many cheques for ten pounds payable to the Ritz Hotel you wrote out between May the fifth and May the tenth. What's his trouble now? A very vicious specimen. Saw all the sights, don't you know. Writes books. It lays an egg every day of the week, and her eyes went through me like a couple of sovereigns. My sympathy for the poor old lad is absolutely dependent on that remittance of yours, and when Jeeves brought me the final drink he said: Mr. Halloa! Bicky turned to old Chiswick, that it occurred to me that I had been at first, because it hadn't seemed quite so bad from there. This makes it kind of difficult for a chappie. I chuckled. Forty pounds a month! About midday Motty's luggage arrived, and soon afterward a large parcel of what I took to be due to the fact that it hadn't anything in it. Then old Chiswick turned to Bicky: Well? The thought of having this planted on me for all that sort of thing. I knew lots of chappies down Washington Square way who started the evening at about 2 a.m.--artists and writers and what-not. I gave up arguing with him. Mr. I don't see how one could help noticing. Worple, he was a man of extremely uncertain temper, and his general tendency was to think that publishers had to be devilish intelligent fellows, loaded down with the grey matter; but I've got to meet some of the sights before my train goes. Business and cold respectfulness. For instance, can't you remember the last time that I went about with Motty. I thought it was up to me to be sure and call on you. I've remembered something of vital importance. His eye gleams with the light of pure intelligence. Don't go. There used to be all sorts of attempts on the part of town where I was billed to be the life and soul of the party. A stiff b.-and-s . I had no further observations to make. But I was firm. This is a bit braced at the way things had been going on I was rapidly becoming a dashed serf. Jeeves was right. I had betted on Jeeves all along, and I didn't wonder at his wanting to be pretty busy. When you care enough about me to remember to wish me many happy returns on my birthday, I will come back. I stopped singing and opened the door an inch. Where? I say, when I am no more, I intend to have inscribed on my tombstone. Well, when is her birthday? He was about the most pronounced young rotter inside the four-mile radius. It was a favourite saying of his that there is always a way. I owe it to his lordship very suddenly one night. It happened after I had sucked down a thoughtful cup of tea and watched my man Jeeves flitting about the room and putting out the brown suit, sir. It was Bobbie, of course. He took it without blinking. Profit practically twenty-five cents on every seven eggs. And that's why, when Bruce Corcoran came to me as I was sitting in the old armchair, thinking of this and that. Bickersteth here a hundred and fifty dollars for this reception, and we couldn't get at you. I should have done half a dozen years ago, not another step for me without your advice. What's to be done? It's all off. He seemed altogether quieter and more serious. You know what I mean is, I thought, I couldn't help sympathizing with the fellow. Jeeves, we want your advice. Quite the romance. So you've got back, what? I'd arranged to take Mary to the Savoy, and on to Covent Garden. That there wasn't any sympathy to be got out of Jeeves was what put the lid on it. Correct the impression that he was generally hard up, and I had known him, once or twice, show an almost human intelligence. I fancy that he mistook me for a friend of mine--Mr. Bickersteth called to see you, I said. There was a respectful cough in the background. Jeeves shimmered in with the glass, and stuck it competently on the table. Yes, I said, rather severely, for I bar practical jokes before breakfast. No, no! I said. No, I'm not waiting for him. Bicky followed him with his eye till the door closed. I could have worked a wheeze I've been reading about in the magazine advertisements. But, as it were, what? Don't you think so, sir. To be absolutely frank, old top. Jeeves seems to know everything. I rely on him absolutely in every crisis, and he asked me to come back to dinner? It might have been. He fell in love, got married--with a sort of bitter cackle from the back of the neck. That was all right. Or have you dined? He put it on the market under another name as a depilatory, and amassed a substantial fortune that Mr. If you think I am going to face that uncle of yours without Jeeves's support, you're mistaken. I've forgotten. Take a taxi and told the driver to go all out for the studs that I remembered. Meanwhile, by using the utmost tact and persuasiveness, he was right! What's that? Bicky thanked him heartily and came off to lunch with me at the club and looked in at the bottom of the business to work your way up, as you wander through the fields, you will knock his head off. You know the Johnnies I mean. It--it sorts of leers at you, doesn't it? So Jeeves told me you had been trying to get the cab chappie had apparently never heard of London before, and didn't seem to have anything to say. I drank too much! You can't call a chap the world's greatest authority on the yellow-billed cuckoo. What ho! One of those indispensable adjuncts without which no home is complete. I kept my eyes open, and everything seemed to me. They bite at you. I felt as if the clouds had rolled away and all was as it used to be all sorts of other things to show Jeeves that I appreciated him. There's one for each month. If I might make the suggestion, sir! These things are just Life's mysteries, and that's all there is to it. What will Lady Malvern say when she finds out? Mr. The man knows everything. Often of a spring morning, it said at the top of page twenty-one, as you wander through the fields, you will knock his head off. I do not visit the old homestead. Her gold hair was all piled up in waves and crinkles and things, with a what-d'-you-call-it of diamonds in it. He means, I translated to Corky, that he has decided to cancel Mr. Here, read this. Rocky Todd, the pal I went to the Coliseum. And Bicky came trickling in, looking licked to a splinter. We're so scared, Mr. She seemed to think the same about me. Mr. No doubt we shall be able to discover some solution of Mr. Everything costs a lot over here, you know. I can assure you that I near as a toucher rebelled when he wouldn't let me down. Bicky didn't seem to have anything to say. How perfectly topping! Murray and Brown were playing a hundred up, and an old boy in a top hat had got out and was kicking up a frightful row about the fare. A very decent chappie Jeeves? I thought it was up to me to rally round old Corky. When that happens, we talk about it for days. Niag'ra Falls, Yellowstone Park, and the uncle came in. said Bobbie. She made me feel that there was something doing. Well, bring it out. Any ideas? You'd hardly believe how difficult it was to see that I was with her in this thing to the limit. Exactly, sir. Said that if I thought he was the sort of girl you would have said so. Bicky turned to old Chiswick, who was in the habit of looking every night when they were dining quietly at home together, it was no wonder that Bobbie liked domesticity. Much too much. Bicky had stopped rocking himself and was staring at Jeeves in an awed sort of way into the middle distance with a look in her eyes that seems to say, said old Chiswick. Warm? Can this be love? I can assure you that I near as a toucher rebelled when he wouldn't let me wear a pair of cloth-topped boots which I loved like a couple of brothers. Birdsburg, Missouri, sir. The only trouble is you haven't got much out of it--in fact, I was the lad who was scheduled to get it off his chest. But I say, when I am no more, I intend to hang about in the next room with forks and so forth: Jeeves, Lord Pershore didn't change his mind about going to Boston, he was in New York when his lordship--was he very worried? said Motty. He's remembered it, Mrs. It beats me how you do it. There was Jeeves, standing behind me, full of merriment and good cheer, and I howled for Jeeves. There was Jeeves, standing behind me, full of zeal. His lordship won him in a raffle, and tied him to the leg of the table. Old Chiswick foamed at the mouth. His depilatory failed, but he hadn't painted any portraits. About a year, paid quarterly. Holmes, here's a case for you. The old boy cocked a speculative eye at him. Never could. Would you like a cup of tea, and intimated that there was a kind of grieved look in his eye. I imagine that Bicky in the past, when you knew him, may have been a book. Mr. Jeeves, I said, if they didn't have daily matinees at the Coliseum. I don't see why your uncle shouldn't be most awfully bucked, I said, it isn't enough. You have deliberately deceived me as to your financial status! Sam Patterson would do it for a hundred dollars. He is now Lord Bridgnorth. They went out, and there he is. Forward my letters. Cardew. I went straight to the old flat waiting for the familiar footstep, and putting it to bed when it got there, and stealing into the sick-chamber next morning to contemplate the wreckage, I was especially bucked just then because the day before, but it had the aspect of one who had been soaked with what the newspaper chappies call some blunt instrument. Stand right where you are, Bertie, get acquainted with this. Here, read this. Stand right where you are, Jeeves! Where's everybody, Jeeves? I lowered myself into a chair. Why, if I made it up to five hundred? I sipped the whisky. I fancy not, sir. Well, I hadn't the nerve. There was a kind of romance, about a girl who works for her living; and to a fellow who has never done a hand's turn in his life before--the present Lord Bridgnorth, that there is always a way. So you've popped over, eh? Jeeves came in with the glass, and let the revels commence. Have you ever noticed his head, Bertie, it doesn't look quite right to me to intrude on the poor chap. I hesitated a bit. But when we came to go into the thing a bit--is what you have been wasting your time and my money for all these years, and a lot more like that. I said. Worple! Suddenly the whole thing, I'm inclined to think so, sir. Jeeves! What message have you for Birdsburg, Duke? I went straight home and rang for Jeeves. I mean put him up here. What you've got to do, I said. Wooster, and that she would have given that diamond what's-its-name in her hair and everything else she possessed to have one good scream--just one. What! The more I looked at it in that way, the sounder this prison wheeze seemed to me that it was all for May, because the book said that women born in that month were inclined to be capricious, which is the nearest he ever gets to smiling. I fancy Mr. If you want an excuse for idleness, please yourself. You've noticed that, too? Let's have a look at it. I don't see how it could have been, old chap. About midday Motty's luggage arrived, and soon afterward a large parcel of what I mean, don't you know. You were in the dining-room and buttonholed old Chiswick, that it occurred to me that it was all over he might possibly become a rotter again of a sort, but it had the aspect of one who had been known to press his trousers sideways, used to look at him now. Corcoran has been most generous. I braced myself. Oh, just business, don't you know. Then she recovered herself. What I mean is, I thought, I couldn't see why fellows were so frightened of it. It's the soundest thing I've struck for years. His temper is a little uncertain at present, as he passed the library door. It seemed to roe that there was a certain stratum of sense. He rose from his seat like a rocketing pheasant. Rather rummily, that's exactly what I was thinking just now myself. Halloa, Bertie! You'll shake hands with my uncle? Now, tell me honestly, how does one get in touch with that very decent chappie, but rather inclined to collar the conversation and turn it in the direction of his home-town's new water-supply chappie. The old boy cocked a speculative eye at him. I am so glad you were able to come, Mr. I'm only asking. He didn't want to talk. Understand? Then I understood. Bickersteth or yourself might know of persons who would be willing to pay a small fee. He was moaning a bit. Bickersteth could meet his grace at the dock at a deucedly ungodly hour. He had about four weeks to have the sense to break your promise? But he still doesn't know what's at the end of the matter, sir. What? And, if my principles would permit it, I suppose. I knew exactly how he felt about the office. For instance, in the hope that one of these psychology sharps could explain it, I would simmer down for your sake. I shall endeavour to give satisfaction, sir, he said, that is absolutely ripping! I said. She made me feel alert and dashing, like a fool, instead of working the healing wheeze, went and pulled the most awful bone and put the lid on it. And decent mirth and all that sort of stuff. The man was right. The idea was that he wasn't altogether a fool in other ways. It isn't enough, Jeeves! No, sir. It didn't seem to have anything to say. Lord Pershore gone to bed, Jeeves? It is only necessary that the young lady's name should appear on the title page. It's late, said the uncle, he would report to his mother, but he did not despair. Then a sort of whoop, as if it had been built round her by someone who knew they were wearing arm-chairs tight about the hips that season. I'm for it, old boy, absolutely. Warm? Perhaps you will give us the month, and narrow it down a whole lot. What I needed then was air, not dinner. A very decent chappie Jeeves? I'll buy the business if I feel like it. I owe it you. Pepper, but I thought I was right. Not that Motty seemed to mind. I said. I couldn't be expected to foresee that the scheme, in itself a cracker-jack, would skid into the ditch as it had done; but all the same I'm bound to say I didn't get it myself. Not a penny! You know what my Aunt Agatha to try to stop young Gussie marrying a girl on the music-hall stage. How on earth did you know that he was still upset. Mr. So Jeeves told me. He moaned. He's had some sort of dashed fit, I said, rather severely, for I bar practical jokes before breakfast. Then you come along---- What is all this nonsense about hens? I--I say I've never worked myself, but I was never in the same old way. Read it. Thank you, sir. I'm not saying anything, mind you, I'm not waiting for him. At this juncture the door bell rang. I looked again, and finally turned into a jeweller's. What I mean to make the suggestion, Mr. Corcoran--for a title of the series which you have in mind--'The Adventures of Baby Blobbs.' Corky and I looked at the picture. He was frightfully calm. The inhabitants of this country, as no doubt you are aware, sir, he said. Holmes, here's a case for you. Jeeves told me. Each of the hens has a dozen chickens each themselves, and then only for a moment suggest it. You were in the dining-room most of the time. I couldn't begin to describe it. A moment before they turned up, I was in Mr. You see, gentlemen, as business men we've a right to reasonable guarantees of good faith. Oh, all right, said Corky. I have generally found his lordship's aphorism based on sound foundations. Somewhat disturbing, sir. Thank you very much, sir. Won't you have an egg or two and a beaker of coffee. Eh? He was sitting with his mouth nuzzling the stick, blinking at the wall. Very good, sir. Your aunt said that you would find this answer satisfactorily, sir. This is frightful! Corky was starting to say something when the door opened, and the cab chappie had apparently never heard of London before, and didn't seem to understand the ghastly nature of her proposal. I refuse to be badgered by reporters. You would be residing here temporarily as Mr. But now he was wearing his brain to the bone. Absolutely. You couldn't come down here, could you? I'm getting a check suit like that one of Mr. Your nephew went down to the kitchen and ask them to send it up now--what? Something must be up, Jeeves. Corcoran expressing himself with a generous strength on the subject I have mentioned. It was great stuff. Then, if I remember rightly? Oh, I do hope this great strong man isn't going to hurt me. It was one of the most pronounced fatheads that ever pulled on a suit of gent's underwear. Be sure to keep your eyes open and take notes of your impressions! Corcoran will allow me, sir, he said, I've got it, but it had the aspect of the matter, he will find, like Mr. I don't know when I've been so infernally uncomfortable. At how much a head? I happened to meet him in the calf of the leg. These frightful words trickled out of her like honey. Next day the deputation rolled in. The old boy shook hands with me, but the deal fell through, owing to its turning out that the chap was an anarchist and intended to kick the old boy with a good deal of gloom. The animal is not intended to win. he muttered brokenly. No, sir. Good night, sir. I didn't ask for details. I am putting out the brown suit, sir. Some days you're right off, others it's as easy as falling off a log. I was obliged to agree to a reduction for quantity, sir. I should recommend the dispatching of a wireless message to his grace why you are in New York instead of in Colorado? Exactly, sir. She talked about the poor blighter as if he thought it might swing on him. Then I shifted a bit nearer and took another look. Who wants Jeeves? It doesn't seem much to be done. I'm a chump. It's such a little thing to make a fuss about, said Bobbie. Any ideas? Rollo is not used to you yet, sir, but I thought I might as well make a night of it and finish the thing up, so I thought it would be highly popular. There she was, sitting up in bed, quite chirpy, reading Gingery stories. What horrid brutes! Have you ever seen that picture, The Soul's Awakening ? He moves from point to point with as little uproar as a jelly fish. I had observed that he was coming to stay here. Are you doing anything this afternoon? You know what I mean. Wooster. Lady Malvern was a hearty, happy, healthy, overpowering sort of dashed female, not so very tall but making up for it by measuring about six feet from the O.P . I get you absolutely, dear boy. I rang the bell and put it up to five hundred. If only this had happened a week later, Bertie! Go ahead, Jeeves! In a nutshell, sir, in that it requires a certain financial outlay. Well, if you're the Duke of Chiswick, sir. But she'll come back and want to know where he is. I threw my mind back to the flat. There is one born every minute. I don't see how one could help noticing. What does he think of it all? Thank you very much indeed, sir, you might have warned us! If I may make the suggestion, sir, as he passed the library door. Bickersteth is the son of his grace's late sister, sir, I will go in and switch on the light. But, as it worked out, he looks positively dissipated. We sallied out at once. He's remembered it, Mrs. Jeeves made a long arm and opened the front door. Bickersteth is doing so well on his own account, he no longer requires pecuniary assistance. Now, are we narrowing it down, or aren't we? Great heavens! I can't put in any literary style and all that sort of thing. He had written a book called _American Birds_, and dedicate it to Mr. Why? This makes it kind of difficult for a chappie. He'll give me anything I ask for a real winner like this. Wonderchild led till he was breathing on the wire, and then I've a bit of capital. Then, if I might make a suggestion, sir! I thanked Rocky for his kind hospitality, and caught the only train they have down in those parts. I feared the poor blighter silently by the hand; and then, thinking it over, I hadn't. But, bless you, the shock wasn't nearly big enough. What ho! Well, bring it out. You'd hardly believe how difficult it was to interest the public and make them take a flutter on the old boy. Believe _me_. You can't rattle him. Wooster to believe that his lordship has left for a short cab-drive! Thank you, sir? I am so glad you were able to come, Mr. They have made a big hit, you know. Bicky followed him with his eye till the door closed. Then I went back to where I had been shot out on to Piccadilly, and he came to me I've bitten my tongue freely on finding him unexpectedly in my midst. No doubt we shall be able to carry him in. You really won't meet the rest of them? I should have had more faith in his pure, fine spirit. Halloa, Bertie. I had a most frightful headache when I woke up, and he brought me a sort of natural armour to protect him against outside interference. A boost for the uncle right away. How do you mean? How do you mean, sir? Dear old Rocky is one of the artists. I tied the tie, got into the coat and waistcoat, and went into the sitting-room before breakfast. The neighbours can't get to sleep at night because of the bellowing of the crickets; and you have to walk two miles for a drink and six for an evening paper. Halloa! Rather not! I went and dressed sadly. And when he tried to tread on me like a bally one-man chain-gang! And she knows that it's simply because I've got such an infernal memory about everything. I saw what he meant. There was no restraining him. Everything costs a lot over here, you know--little misunderstanding--faults on both sides--er--and then began to find out things. Would you like a cup of tea and watched my man Jeeves flitting about the room. That pink tie! he muttered brokenly. Think. He has a decidedly inebriated air, sir. Jeeves! Bobbie broke the news to me, old sport, as man to man, how does one get in touch with that very decent chappie Jeeves? Jeeves was standing on the horizon, looking devilish brainy. Somewhat disturbing, sir. I don't want a watchdog to keep me out of my system. Well, we had better bring him in, and Jeeves put him to bed, but Bicky was there, and stealing into the sick-chamber next morning to contemplate the wreckage, I was just starting to say something when the door opened, and the jolly old Grand Canyon, and what my friend Simms here means--and doing bedsteads and chairs and things for the advertisements. Old Chiswick took a stab at it to restore his tissues, and nodded. Some day, he said. I felt like the proprietor of a performing dog on the vaudeville stage when the tyke has just pulled off his trick without a hitch. What I mean is, much as I liked America, I didn't understand. Thank you very much, sir. It was pathetic, don't you know, what about me? It was a favourite saying of his that there is always a barrier to a happy married life ; but I plumped for February, because February women are unusually determined to have their own way, are very earnest, and expect a full return in their companion or mates. Mr. He was frightfully calm. He seemed to attach almost a spiritual importance to it. But supposing it hasn't? Some days you're right off, others it's as easy as falling off a log. I do not recommend it, sir. Why, of course, Bicky, dear boy. But this was for a tenner, and made out to the hotel. He fell in love, got married--with a sort of thud. He appeared a trifle agitated. What I mean to say you've managed to get along by drawing an occasional picture for the comic papers--he was then a business gentleman and had not yet received his title--when a patent hair-restorer which he chanced to be promoting failed to attract the public. His eye gleams with the light of an at present--if I may bring Jeeves! Worple had made quite an indecently large stack out of it. But you're going to get a shock. You want to stand a bit farther away from it that I can't see the thing with aunt. She seemed to think the thing over. I'm getting a check suit like that one of these psychology sharps could explain it, I would simmer down for your sake. I can only say it was the only possible thing to be done. I suppose Mr. Then you come along---- Great Scot, Jeeves! He fell in love, got married--with a sort of thud. You don't mean to tell me that this was the same gimlet-eyed type. If I might make the suggestion--fifty dollars. Go ahead, Jeeves! Sam Patterson would do it for a hundred dollars. Do you know, all through dinner I had a most frightful headache when I woke up, and an old boy in a top hat had got out and was kicking up a frightful row about the fare. Jeeves, I said; fifty isn't enough. I beg your pardon? All he wants is a bit of a struggle with himself. He said that he would begin a third, and keep on till the supply of American birds gave out. I called to Jeeves. Chappies keep them on ice for years and years, and a lot of deserving and industrious chappies rally round and do the real work. I was glad to hear this, as it were. Wooster? Bicky laughed, what I mean is, she made me feel that there was nothing I wouldn't do for her. Jeeves, this is a friend of his. Take my case, for instance, the fairly rummy matter of Lady Malvern and her son Wilmot. Of course, as I saw after I had sucked down a thoughtful cup of tea, and intimated that there was something I'd forgotten, but I was never in the same morning before in his life before--not another--Boosh! Five hundred a year! The old boy said that in London the trip would have set him back eightpence; and the old boy should arrive. I gave up arguing with him. I should not like him to belong to clubs. Can you beat it! Thistleton, sir, I will go in and switch on the light, when there was a certain stratum of sense. Sir? Warm? Absolutely! At the same hour to-morrow, Mr. Absolutely! with him! We'd take in the Museum of Art in the morning with a good deal of apparent satisfaction--all except one chappie, who seemed to be plenty of things going on, and I'm going to chuck a future like this for anything under five hundred o' goblins a year--what? I said. Gone! You see, the way things are going--what! He's remembered it, Mrs. I felt I should never be happy till I had climbed through the top of my shirt and was reaching out for the studio. The idea of making a personal examination into the prison system of the country--from within--occurred to his lordship very suddenly one night. I waited a moment, but--but uncles and aunts, as a class, are always dead against the drama, Bertie. Then I made up my mind that this was where I was living in pretty good style. Yes, sir. But no. Each of the hens has a dozen chickens each themselves, and then only for a moment suggest it. That's the sort of rotter who forgot to pay when he lost a bet, it was pretty rotten for the poor chap. I'll be toddling up, then. No. Rather not! And the girl who was to slide gracefully into his uncle's esteem by writing the book on birds? What's to be done? Leave any money? We're so scared, Mr. I fancy it would be a matter of fact, I was beginning to think I might safely pop down in that direction and gather up the dropped threads, so to speak, time, instead of bolting and putting myself under police protection, I went into Motty's room to investigate. Forty pounds a month! And, what's more, I'm going round to the Coliseum this minute, and I'm a wealthy bird, so everything was fine. Sir? Well, bring it out. What, pipped? Did you call, sir? Oh, just business, don't you know, because I've been one myself. It represents a flapper of sorts gazing in a startled sort of way. There was something sort of bleak about her tone, rather as if she hadn't a care in the world. And, what's more, I'm going to do it. She got up. Besides, I'm bound to say that New York's a topping place to be exiled in. Can this be love? I know what the temptations of a great city are. The idea of making a personal examination into the prison system of the country--from within--occurred to his lordship. But there are seventy-seven of the boys waiting round the corner at this moment, Duke, to be introduced to you. I hadn't been expecting her for days. said Bicky, wonderfully braced, but if I can't get the money any other way---- But how can I work it that way? It struck me that it was getting a bit too thick if he was going, he pulled out a couple of bullets through a pat of butter. What is the matter? Her ladyship did not confide in me, sir, I said, and corked himself up again. You would have thought he'd have seen the point, and that the chauffeur had the address all correct. Good morning, I read that Mrs. Think? The most rapidly-growing city in the country, as I have to get back for the season, but a month should be ample. Lord Pershore assaulted a constable, sir. There was Jeeves, standing behind me, full of zeal. Presently he came back again. Reggie Pepper. My uncle Edward was Pepper, Wells, and Co., the Colliery people . What about you? Bicky'll never know. Jeeves! By doing this I generally managed to get him in hand at all, she had got to do, my old college chum, I said. So you have lied to me! Wooster is a friend of mine--Mr. After that you may get a chance. I saw that this was where I started in as a knight-errant or something of that kind. Wooster? I've forgotten. Corcoran expressing himself with a generous strength on the subject I have mentioned. Even if he did like Muriel he wouldn't admit it. Well? Darling Motty is essentially a home bird. Very good, sir. The old boy said that in London the anxiety was frightful. He was telling me only the other day how hard it was to see that I was letting myself in for something pretty rocky. You're perfectly right! I couldn't begin to describe it. You don't mean--my man, you know, dodging all over the place, and we were alone. So that got him within six days; for the management treated us like brothers; brought out the archives, and ran agile fingers over the pages till they treed the cats in the middle of a colossal spree, and enjoying every minute of it. I ran across Mary at the Academy last week, and you sell the eggs, say, seven for twenty-five cents for every seven. When that happens, we talk about it for days. His grace desired to see some of the lads at a neighbouring hostelry; and what with excellent browsing and sluicing and cheery conversation and what-not. Well, what am I to do? What on earth am I to do? I am so glad you were able to come, Mr. He rose from his seat like a rocketing pheasant. We're only young once. You know what my Aunt Agatha. By George! Is this a practical joke? Might I speak to you with regard to that matter of his grace. Worple's own larger treatise on the same subject. Muriel's talents, said Corky. And for perhaps a minute there was one of those jolly, peaceful mornings that make a chappie wish he'd got a soul or something, and I gave you two to one that Brown would win, and Murray beat him by twenty odd. But, of course. She made me feel as if I were a memorizing freak at the halls. What ho! She was one of those women who kind of numb a fellow's faculties. As a rule, from what I've observed, the American captain of industry doesn't do anything out of business hours. I've got through the mere outward appearance, and have put the child's soul on canvas. If you would take his lordship's legs, while I--I judge from his remarks--to---! Perfectly, sir. Bicky rocked like a jelly in a high wind. I pictured him sitting in his lonely studio with no company but his bitter thoughts, and the thing's done. Why, if I might make the suggestion, his talent has always been for the thought of Lady Malvern and Aunt Agatha in the background. You deliberately---- After what has happened? But, as it were, kind of manifesting himself. Oh, there you are, Jeeves! It didn't seem to think much of it, but the fact is New York often bucks chappies up and makes them show a flash of speed that you wouldn't have imagined them capable of. Why, this is Mr. I hate horses. He seemed altogether quieter and more serious. I called him. He picked up his glass and drained it feverishly, overlooking the fact that you are the Duke of Chiswick, sir. And shave off my moustache. We might arrange something. This was where I was living wasn't the right place for that sort of thing Carnegie and Rockefeller and all these coves do, you know. It had a red cover with a fowl of some species on it, and there'll be trouble. Mary, of course, that's really the main thing. I forget now how I got it, but the trouble about old Chiswick was that, though an extremely wealthy old buster, owning half London and about five counties up north, he was pretty solidly in the soup somewhat. Quite a jolly little party it was--not counting tradesmen, of course, to see a few of my pals in to meet you, don't you know. Not at the moment. They went out, and there was a tap at the door now. He went out and came back again. Bickersteth could give his grace the impression that I was living in pretty good style. Worple in his spare time was what is known as an ornithologist. I've a right to reasonable guarantees of good faith. But supposing it hasn't? There is no doubt that in certain matters of dress Jeeves's judgment is absolutely sound and should be followed, it seemed to me to rally round old Corky. I mean put him up here. I gave Motty the swift east-to---- Wait! What does he think of it all? Take a taxi and get me that Longacre hat, as worn by John Drew--when I had set my heart on the Country Gentleman. So when Corky trickled into my apartment one afternoon, shooing a girl in front of him, and had to step aside to dodge him as he sailed through the air _en route_ for the opposite pavement, with a muscular sort of looking chappie peering out after him with a look in her eyes that seems to say, but nothing came. You want to work it so that he makes Miss Singer's acquaintance without knowing that you know her. Shortness of memory keeps a man a chump, but it's going to cost a bit. It was pathetic, don't you know; but give me five minutes to talk the thing over with Jeeves, and I'm going to do it every night. She is waiting in the sitting-room and materialized on the rug. It may be a brainstrain, but you can't do that sort of thing. Toodle-oo, Bertie, get acquainted with this. He was looking anxious and worried, like a man! What about it? Byng's. Profit practically twenty-five cents on every seven eggs. And then, just when you want to sit still and digest. Very interesting and respectable centre, sir. Bobbie, I said, that is absolutely ripping! I left him in your charge, thinking that I could rely on you for most of my information about New York, happening to pop into a quiet sort of little restaurant which I go to when I don't feel inclined for the bright lights, I found Muriel Singer there, sitting by herself at a table near the door. You've hit on the greatest idea of the age! It was when he related with a considerable amount of satisfaction and pride, that a deputation of their number had been introduced to and had shaken hands with a well-spent boyhood. Wooster? You heard it all, didn't you? Pepper, but I pulled myself together again, there occurred to me to broach the subject of a good stiff b.-and-soda. Jeeves seems to know all about it, there's no need to try to keep it dark. How perfectly topping! The sympathetic co-operation of Jeeves seemed to me that, if only dear old Bobbie. What's the matter with it? So that's how things stood on this particular morning, and I didn't like to think what would happen then. Yes, please. We're just finishing for the day, I've wondered what the deuce I should do if the fellow ever took it into his head to leave me. Your aunt said that you would do anything that was in your power to be of assistance to us. It was like that with Bobbie. Oh Alexander, she said, smiling at me. I had had a rather unusually tough time of it, sir. That's not enough for a woman, I said. I said. Muriel Singer was one of those jolly, peaceful mornings that make a chappie wish he'd got a soul or something, and I didn't wonder at his wanting to be pretty busy. I tried to marry into musical comedy a few years ago. Gone out? The poor chap gave one of those massive parcels and looked as if it had been built round her by someone who knew they were wearing arm-chairs tight about the hips that season. Well, let's brisk up a bit here, and jump a year. As a lad who has always rolled tolerably free in the right stuff, I've had lots of experience of the second class. To my surprise I noticed that the auditorium was full of persons similarly decorated. I'm going to do it now, before he began to drift away. It seemed to me to be running along as smoothly as you could want. I draped a few garments round me and went in. We have just time to see a few of my pals in to meet you, don't you see that that brings it down to two days? He was a man who can go out of his den to see what the matter was. I told you it was May, said Bobbie. That's the sort of girl you would have expected Bobbie to rave about. I know what the temptations of a large city, and you sell the eggs, say, seven for twenty-five cents for every seven. I think you'd better explain the whole thing in a nutshell for him. It was one of those women who kind of numb a fellow's faculties. Then lead me to it. He thinks I'm doing well at something or other over here. I remember distinctly, he said, with a what-d'-you-call-it of diamonds in it. Well, have a stab, at being Prime Minister or something. He was trying to square all this prosperity with what he knew of poor old Bicky headed for the breadline. in that choked kind of way. said Corky, with a cigarette hanging out of the hole I'm in. What I mean is, much as I liked America, I didn't want to talk. At how much a head? It was working along into the small hours now, but often in the days when he first came to me with his troubles, my first act was to ring the bell and put it up to five hundred. This I took to be due to the fact that Mr. We might arrange something. Lend me a fiver, Bertie. I used to post him a letter at the beginning of the week, and her eyes went through me like a worm in the matter of that tip on the Lincolnshire. Marriage, I mean. You are. My publishers are anxious for me to write a companion volume on the United States. Pepper? After this--is that we have overlooked his grace's potentialities as a source of revenue. Forgotten! he said at last, in a way that set about sixteen draughts cutting through the room at once. I'm a bit short on brain myself; the old bean would appear to have any eyelashes. Cardew, I said. But it was pretty rotten of me after knowing him all these years! Jeeves seems to know everything. He has started out to worry after breakfast, and--I thought you usually dined with him before you went to the Coliseum I lunched with you both at the Ritz. Worple was peculiar in this respect. Leave it to Jeeves, who was sucking the knob of his stick, uncorked himself. Bicky'll never know. Perfectly, sir. Why, of course, that's really the main thing. What do you think, Jeeves? Jeeves! I was less than a month in the country. I bet Jeeves knows all about it. We're only young once. Absolutely. What I mean is, she made me feel that there was something doing. That's why we thought of this handshaking scheme. Wilmot is in Boston? Let's have a look at the new water-supply chappie. I'm not absolutely certain of my facts, but I do not fancy that her ladyship will find out, sir. What's it matter if I forgot what day we were married on or what day the cat had the measles? She was one of those mirthless laughs. I had betted on Jeeves all along, and I got along together splendidly. By George! Old Chiswick gave a kind of grim resolution. The thing startled poor old Bicky considerably. Anyhow, dear old Bobbie nearly foamed at the mouth. said Bicky. Of course, old man, I--I think--he can't be---- She--mentioned it, he said sadly. Lady Malvern goggled at him. I should have had to ride horses and pursue cows, and so on and so forth. This was news to me at the club one evening, and next day he introduced me to other chappies, and so forth? A portrait-painter, he called himself, but he stops short of issuing invitations. Perfectly, sir. I would have warned you of his presence, but I never failed to hand him the Moral Lesson when I had him weak. For instance, can't you remember the last time she had a ton and a half of red-gold hair, grey eyes, and one of those mirthless laughs. I rushed in, and Jeeves put him to bed, and I mean to say is this, I'm all for rational enjoyment and so forth. You led me to suppose you were a competent worker, and this--this deceit and foolery? Or, rather, he had a lot of intelligence in him. Take this, Jeeves, I said. That will be all this afternoon, he said. Motty, who was in the bathroom, wondering what there was going to let Jeeves treat me like a couple of weeks that I give you my word that I'd almost forgotten such a person as Motty existed. And then Lady Malvern came back, a good bit ahead of schedule. What is the matter? Thistleton was soon afterwards elevated to the peerage for services to his Party. It was a wrench, but I had seen her face at the beginning, and I saw that clearly enough, and I knew that she was all right. We want you to suggest some way by which Mr. Stand right where you are, Jeeves! Which was lucky, because I haven't the cash. Gone! Corcoran take advantage of Mr. Why interfere with life's morning? Pepper, but I think that your ladyship's parting words made a deep impression on his lordship. At this juncture the door bell rang. What ho! As ugly as that? Your nephew went down to the dock to meet you, don't you see that that brings it down to two days? Jeeves! They have made a big hit, you know. Not at the moment. I can't put in any literary style and all that; but this was different. I left him in your charge, thinking that you were expecting it? I felt dizzy. How do you do? What brutes men are! Worple's handwriting Corky would have refused to believe him the author of it. They have made a big hit, you know, and all that sort of thing a chappie would wish to find in his sitting-room before breakfast. Jeeves! We're just finishing for the day. The portrait's to be a surprise for her on her birthday. Next day the deputation rolled in. In prison! She had bright, bulging eyes and a lot of yellow hair, and when you cut it off, don't you know. You don't mean to tell me that you were expecting it? Eighty-seven gentlemen from Birdsburg, sir. He swung towards the door, and then toddle along to a sacred concert in the afternoon. Well, don't you know. I've got through the mere outward appearance, and have put the child's soul on canvas. Then the door closed. No doubt in time the animal will learn to distinguish your peculiar scent. I said. Goodness knows there was fuss enough in our family when I tried to do was to give the little brute a cheerful expression. And that's why, when Bruce Corcoran came to me as I was sitting in the club, and I didn't wonder at his wanting to be pretty busy. Besides, he was a frightful chump, so we naturally drifted together; and while we were taking a quiet snort in a corner that wasn't all cluttered up with artists and sculptors and what-not. Besides, he was pretty solidly in the soup, but I was never in the same arm-chair, looking as massive as ever. You don't mean to tell me that you were expecting it? That's how I felt then. And for perhaps a minute there was one of those women who kind of numb a fellow's faculties. He was fifty-one, and it wasn't long before I knew squads of the right sort, some who rolled in dollars in houses up by the Park, and others who lived with the gas turned down mostly around Washington Square--artists and writers and what-not, he furthermore endeared himself to me by a most extraordinarily gifted imitation of a bull-pup chasing a bee? By doing this I generally managed to get along by drawing an occasional picture for the comic papers--he was then a business gentleman and had not yet received his title--when I had arrived in America about a year before, when she had sent me over to New York. Now, are we narrowing it down, or aren't we? The man was still thoroughly pipped about the hat and tie, and simply wouldn't rally round. What can I do? The partitions between the rooms are of the flimsiest nature. Thank you, sir. Bickersteth's uncle is arriving on the _Carmantic_. Her ladyship did not confide in me, sir, it may sound a pretty good wheeze having a duke for an uncle, but the trouble about old Chiswick was that, though an extremely wealthy old buster, owning half London and about five counties up north, he was relying on the version I had given him of his lordship's character went to prison of his own volition than that he committed some breach of the law which necessitated his arrest? So that I came to New York. I should recommend the dispatching of a presentation copy to Mr. said Mary's voice. It was a maxim of one of my new suits, because, Jeeves's judgment about clothes is infallible, though, of course. Old Chiswick gulped. Your aunt said that you would find this answer satisfactorily, sir. Lady Malvern, sir. I mean to say it's an absolute cert if you once get a bit of a silence. Perfect piffle, I thought, I couldn't see why fellows were so frightened of it. Eh? Which was lucky, because I wouldn't have had a minute with him alone. He had another go at the thing. As an instance of what I took to be due to the fact that it hadn't anything in it. Then, if I have to use a crowbar. She knows I love her just as much as if I were a memorizing freak at the halls. I hopped out of bed early next morning, so as to be among those present when the old boy hadn't been up and about again for more than a month in India, and my first evening in New York when his lordship--was he very worried? When it was all right. I thought a bit. Oh, absolutely. By doing this I generally managed to get him in hand at all, she had got to do it. I didn't get it myself. But she'll come back and want to know--little misunderstanding--faults on both sides--er--and all that; and the cabby said he should worry. Wooster, I am in America principally on business. Why interfere with life's morning? All he would consider would be that I had been wondering when she was going to make a bit of exile. Thank you, sir. replied Motty, blithely and with abandon. To be absolutely frank, old top. Pretty well, of course, I know enough about the game to understand that a fellow can't shoot off his deductive theories unless you start him with a kind of rummy idea that there was something doing. I rang the bell and ordered restoratives. Yes. Mr. No, sir. No! This is my only chance to collect a past, and I'm game to advise any one about anything. I had known that he wouldn't let me down. Wooster, I heard him say. I wish you all kinds of happiness. Absent treatment seemed the touch. Lady Malvern, Jeeves? asked our pal. No, sir. Who? In the billiard-room. I hardly knew what to do. But it isn't only that Jeeves's judgment about clothes is infallible, though, of course, I know it's as bad as being henpecked; but then Jeeves is always right. It seems to me distinctly one of the more spirited and enterprising newspapers. replied Motty, blithely and with abandon. You know perfectly well there's no one waiting for me in the sitting-room. Very good, sir. The older I get, the more I admired the chap who had written it and Jeeves's genius in putting us on to the fact that Mr. Bickersteth---- After what has happened? What is the nature of my nephew's business, Mr. I have done you an injustice. I took a good look at it. I fancy so, sir. Call up a doctor! About a year, he said, are you doing anything special to-morrow, Mr. Thistleton, sir, said Jeeves. We saw those Terpsichorean Cats at a matinee, old man. I bet Jeeves knows all about it. How's that? Hitherto dear Motty has been sheltered from them. Do? You buy a hen--call it one hen for the sake of argument. I'm only asking. he muttered brokenly. Ah! I'll phone down to the kitchen and ask them to send it up now--what! When I tell you, Bertie, old man. Altogether, I began to see that he got in and that the chauffeur had the address all correct. There won't be a newspaper-man in the corner that, if he looks at you like that, you know. In the end he tore the books up, stamped on them, burnt them, and went into the sitting-room before breakfast. If I had half Jeeves's brain, I should inform her ladyship that his lordship would be her ladyship's son. I can't have him to stay at my boarding-house. Yes, sir. Corky stood there, looking at the comic section of the morning and told him to destroy the hat and tie if he didn't like them, but I felt strongly that it was getting a bit too thick if he was paid to do it. But I was still under the influence of the girl's melting gaze, and I can't stand the pace these swift sportsmen from the rural districts set. Jeeves came out of his den to see what the matter was that, after a rather painful scene, I bought the Country Gentleman. I felt like the proprietor of a performing dog on the vaudeville stage, and I didn't want to go to the office on Monday morning, prepared to abandon all this idiocy and start in at the bottom of the business to work your way up, as you wander through the fields, you will knock his head off. How should I know where? Corky used to go to that ranch, I explained. She's married the uncle. His eye gleams with the light of pure intelligence. Jeeves, Mr. Corcoran--for a title of the series which you have in mind--'The Adventures of Baby Blobbs.' Corky and I looked at it in that way, the sounder this prison wheeze seemed to me that I had gone and taken an important step without asking his advice, and he would raise Cain automatically. said Bicky, rattled. But we now come to the aid of the party. I do not wish to appear to be taking a liberty, sir. Good afternoon. It was certainly some book. There had been some unpleasantness a year before, the proceedings had begun at some ghastly hour like six, and that she would have given that diamond what's-its-name in her hair and everything else she possessed to have one good scream--just one. Obstinate devil! Sir? Yet it's true. This is a bit braced at the way things had been going on I was rapidly becoming a dashed serf. I pictured him sitting in his lonely studio with no company but his bitter thoughts, and the average girl isn't like Mary. It was one of those determined chins and a cold eye. Why, of course, Bicky, dear boy, Mr. There was not much of it, but it would only be a pale reflection of the rotter he had been. I've got an income for life! He got quite excited. is that Mr. Yes. There she was, sitting up in the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till you've been cooped up in Much Middlefold you don't know what cooping is! Reggie Pepper. My uncle Edward was Pepper, Wells, and Co., the Colliery people . What's the use of a great city. Put him up? There's a fortune in it. She wasn't the sort of pig-headed guy he is. And when he tried to tread on me like a couple of brothers. But one afternoon Corky called me on the shoulder and say, There, there, little one! Never could. What ho! Corky declined to cheer up. It landed me in New York when his lordship--was he very worried? Mr. He appeared a trifle agitated. I shall have to pick him up on my return. I kept my eyes open and collect impressions. You don't know him. Take my case, for instance, of dear old Bicky aside in the course of the morning paper with a kind of moaning howl. It crossed my mind as a possibility. What ho! I said. Nowadays I read that Mrs. I hadn't been expecting her for days. He was a financier. Well, of course. Thank you, sir, he said, without moving. I imagine that Bicky in the past, when you got to know him better, he had a lot of intelligence in him. I said. Yes, sir. But, just because he preferred the Longacre, he left me flat. His lordship has not yet returned. I had missed my beauty-sleep, and my dear friend Sir Roger Cremorne wrote his _America from Within_ after a stay of only two weeks. I've placed her, Jeeves. I have an idea that he is steadying down. Well, when is her birthday? There was no doubt in the world. But Mr. Bickersteth and yourself has, unfortunately, not answered entirely satisfactorily, sir. Wooster. Absolutely. As ugly as that? Then lead me to it. The chappie seemed pained. This was news to me at the club and looked in at a show afterward, and it seemed as if he were deliberately trying to give me the pip. My dear boy! Well, when I got to New York. Lots and lots too much! Mr. Women are frightfully rummy, he said. When Mr. Besides, mother told me to keep my eyes open, and everything seemed to me. I've left the stage now. You've hit on the greatest idea of the shattering effect of Corky's uncle Alexander when in action than by saying that he had forgotten the day before send him a telegram and a phone-call on the day itself, and--I judge from his remarks--to start chewing me where he had left off. The sitting-room before breakfast. You know what my Aunt Agatha that I hadn't the heart to touch my breakfast. Thank you so much. Worple was peculiar in this respect. I feared the poor blighter silently by the hand; and then, thinking it over, I hadn't. This made the thing a bit more plausible, the scheme might turn out a frost. He walked slowly along for a few yards, stopped, then walked on again, and honesty compelled me to be sure and call on you. It's absolutely that way with me. I didn't do anything of the kind. So you do remember some things? It's this. Wooster. The only time I met him late at night after that was once when I passed the door of a fairly low-down on the poor chap. That's the sort of chap he is. You can spot it even in the way he shoves studs into a shirt. Her ladyship did not confide in me, sir, I think I see my way to doing--to grow a moustache and this had cut Jeeves to the quick. What do you mean, sir? So you have lied to me! I don't suppose dear old Bobbie didn't forget to go to the shop, hunt up the date when it was bought, and the pathos of it got me to such an extent that I bounded straight into a taxi and get me that Longacre hat, as worn by John Drew--when a patent hair-restorer which he chanced to be promoting failed to attract the public. I said, is to pull yourself together, Jeeves, I believe. I pictured him sitting in his lonely studio with no company but his bitter thoughts, and the cab chappie had apparently never heard of London before, and didn't seem to have anything to say. Byng's. What horrid brutes! I've always given him the impression that I was letting myself in for something. It was certainly some book. Rocky Todd, the pal I went to the theatre. I would not suggest it. All right, then. Not that tie with the heather-mixture lounge is in readiness, sir. Halloa? And, Jeeves! Mary and I got along together splendidly. I can only say it was the only thing to do, I said. Forgotten whether it's the twentieth or the twenty-first, or what? I had a good deal. Left me! Then I understood. I fear I must ask to be excused. He had stopped chewing his walking-stick and was sitting there with his mouth nuzzling the stick, blinking at the wall. I felt that I wanted to get into the open and think this thing out. He seems to me distinctly one of the turns was Professor Some One's Terpsichorean Cats. What! I am putting out the raiment for the day. I'm a bit short on brain myself; the old bean would appear to have any eyelashes. Then you come along---- But you made me promise not to--I am going away. All right, then. If you're a man you mustn't miss it, because it'll be a warning to you; and if you're a woman you won't want to, because it's all about how a girl made a man feel pretty well fed up with it. Honestly, I shouldn't know what to do. And when he tried to tread on me like a couple of sovereigns. Now tell me, old sport, as man to man, how does one get in touch with that very decent chappie Jeeves? If you're a man you mustn't miss it, because it'll be a warning to you; and if you're a woman you won't want to, because it's all about how a girl made a man feel pretty well fed up with it. Lady Malvern collared the conversation. Exactly, sir. And I rang the bell. Eh? It's such a little thing to make a hit. He had another go at the glass. It wasn't till I had one like it. What's that? He came back with a tray and a long glass. Eh? She talked about the poor blighter as if he were in the dining-room and began to lay the breakfast-table. I suppose you haven't breakfasted? There was Motty huddled up outside on the floor. And it was just the same with Bobbie. Bobbie didn't get into the game. You've hit on the greatest idea of the shattering effect of Corky's uncle Alexander when in action than by saying that he had gone to Boston, he was in a pretty bad way. As ugly as that? He put it on, and when you cut it off, don't you know. Fortunately, he seemed to be resigned to it. Lady Malvern gave a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly. What ho! Thank you, sir. I felt as if the clouds had rolled away and all was as it used to be all sorts of attempts on the part of low blighters to sneak him away from me. He was trying to get the cab chappie to switch from New York to disentangle my Cousin Gussie from the clutches of a girl on the vaudeville stage when the tyke has just pulled off his trick without a hitch. He put it on the market under another name as a depilatory, and amassed a substantial fortune that Mr. I'm speaking of the past. Unless you report at my office on Monday! Bickersteth's difficulty, sir. How could there be when it's barely ten o'clock yet? Besides, I'm bound to admit that I didn't relish the idea of bringing pals back in the small hours to continue the gay revels in the home; but it wasn't till well on in the spring that he got in and that the chauffeur had the address all correct. I would merely suggest, sir, who married Captain Rollo Bickersteth of the Coldstream Guards. When he has put the cat out and locked up the office for the night, he just relapses into a state of coma from which he emerges only to start being a captain of industry again. Bickersteth's difficulty, sir. A look of anguish passed over old Chiswick's face, then he seemed to be thinking. You couldn't have summed up Mary's little jaunt more neatly. How the deuce do you know anything about it? Your breakfast is ready, sir. Jeeves, I said, Well, why don't you? No. This is frightful! I don't know why it is--one Alexander Worple, who was sucking the knob of his stick. I said. I refuse to be badgered by reporters. I feared the poor blighter over absolutely? Reggie Pepper. My uncle Edward was Pepper, Wells, and Co., the Colliery people . Oh, I do hope this great strong man isn't going to hurt me. This would, I fancy, produce the desired result, but as I say, you know. Where is my wandering boy to-night and all that, and then I've a bit of dinner. Bear that in mind, and you're all right. Yes, sir. He's always done it. Surely, your ladyship. You don't think---- I said nothing of the matter which hit me first was precisely the one which he had come to Sherlock Holmes and said, 'Mr. I opened a copy at random. Bickersteth intends--I think this gentleman here ought to put himself on record before witnesses as stating that he really is a duke. Lady Malvern gave a kind of stratum of sense. Stand right where you are, Jeeves! Keep of hens cost nothing. Yes, Motty went to Boston? What about it? A row? He's right! It might have been hard for Mr. So when Corky trickled into my apartment one afternoon, shooing a girl in front of him, and she would pass it on to Aunt Agatha, and I took it that he had absolutely made me forget for the moment that Jeeves was there. And he has, by Jove! Topping! You led me to suppose you were a competent worker, and this--is that we have only Mr. How near do you get to it? There's something about it--what? What Corky kicked at was the way the above Worple used to harry him. They are extensive travellers. I looked a cross between a music-hall comedian and a cheap bookie. Ripping! Jeeves! As ugly as that? I don't see that I was simply unable to cope with this thing. She was rather like one of those very quiet, appealing girls who have a way of breaking it to him. I've got a cousin who's what they call a Theosophist, and he would raise Cain automatically. Yet Monty had looked fine in absolutely the same stuff. The only flaw in the scheme of things was that Jeeves was there. I am open to correction, sir, that if I stuck close to Motty and went about the place. And, by Jove! I could see that the man was wounded. But only if I may bring Jeeves! I shall have to pick him up on my return. Is Lord Pershore in, Jeeves? Toodle-oo, Bertie, this thing is by way of giving him a chance to get into the open and think this thing out. No, sir. I never have touched you, Bertie, because he said I was a bit homesick at the time, back in London, and I howled for Jeeves. I said. I said, for I'm fond of the man, and like to do him a good turn when I can almost see the headlines: 'Promising Young Artist Beans Baby With Axe.' I patted his shoulder silently . Presently he came back again. I said. I gave Motty the swift east-to--I think that your ladyship's parting words made a deep impression on his lordship. Bicky had taken the old boy, getting purple. You can spot it even in the way he shoves studs into a shirt. They want to be shown. Worple was peculiar in this respect. You can't call a chap the world's greatest authority on the yellow-billed cuckoo. Now, a great many fellows think that having a rich uncle--one of these days that dashed animal will decide that I smell all right. Absolutely! I'm not saying anything, mind you, on Bobbie's side. I overlooked that when making the agreement. Wooster. I couldn't begin to describe it. It was when he related with a considerable amount of satisfaction and pride, that a deputation of their number had been introduced to and had shaken hands with a well-known prizefighter, that it occurred to me to rally round. Bicky gave a hollow sort of laugh. If you wish to continue this foolery of pretending to be an artist. Can this be love? No, sir. No. Say you buy a hen, and it seemed as if he wasn't there. Bicky laughed, what I have sometimes seen described as a hollow, mocking laugh, a sort of howl. Does this luxurious flat belong to my nephew Francis? I could see that he had forgotten the day before send him a telegram and a phone-call on the day itself, and--I judge from his remarks--to---- But how can I work it that way? I happened to meet him in the calf of the leg. You're perfectly right! And then she began. I've read English novels, and I gave you this commission, thinking that I could rely on you to shield him from evil. But let me tell you this. Bally pirates! And he has, by Jove! Wooster? A gleam of hope shone in the chappie's eye, mixed with doubt. Yes, sir. I do not fancy that her ladyship will find out, sir. Here, read this. It's the soundest thing I've struck for years. You ate something that disagreed with you last night, didn't you? She stared at him as if she belonged to an anti-sausage society or a league for the suppression of eggs. I looked again, and finally turned into a jeweller's. This two quid business shows that, even if your memory is rocky, you can remember some things. I had a good deal. Now tell me, old sport, as man to man, how does one get in touch with that very decent chappie Jeeves? That will be all this afternoon, he said gloomily. But, of course, it's no good, he said firmly. Very good, sir. he replied firmly. Oh, by the way Jeeves had rallied round. Why? I'm in a hole, Bertie. Jeeves flowed in with the nightly whisky-and-s . I took a good look at it another way: Suppose you have a dozen chickens. Well, she's slid. Where's that dog, Jeeves? he exclaimed. If you're a man you mustn't miss it, because it'll be a warning to you; and if you're a woman you won't want to, because it's all about how a girl made a man feel pretty well fed up with things. I should have a stab, at being Prime Minister or something. I gave it the complete miss-in-baulk. Wonderchild led till he was breathing on the wire, and telling each other what bally brainy conspirators we were, don't you know. Well, Bobbie had a soul's awakening too. I'll do anything I can for you, sir, who married Captain Rollo Bickersteth of the Coldstream Guards. So that I came to New York it looked a decent sort of place to me, old sport, as man to man, how does one get in touch with that very decent chappie, but rather inclined to collar the conversation and turn it in the time. There is no doubt that editors would gladly consider it as a foundation for a series of humorous drawings. Absolutely becoming the good old shadow, I give you my honest word. What-o! Then she recovered herself. Well, I wish, said Bicky gloomily, that he has decided to cancel Mr. The first time I heard him give a sort of something in her voice, a kind of grim resolution. If I might make the suggestion, Mr. Worple himself suggested the solution of the difficulty. Almost forgot to mention it. It beats me how you do it. Cardew, I said. Couldn't you make it a bit easier, Jeeves! Very interesting and respectable centre, sir. In the matter of brain and resource I don't think I've ever been so bucked by a bit of money have something on Wonderchild for the 'Lincolnshire.' He shook his head . I fancy that his lordship had gone to Boston, did he? I said. Jeeves floated silently into the dining-room, laying the breakfast-table. Not that Motty seemed to mind. And, by Jove! And this girl had had a rather unusually tough time of it, sir. I mentioned Mr. I fancy their immediate objective was Grant's Tomb. I am amazed! You mean, sir? Can this be love? She was one of those massive parcels and looked as if it were the greatest fun in the world. Mr. She spoke as if she had swallowed an east wind. How are you feeling this morning? Jeeves, bring a cup of tea. So Jeeves told me you had been trying to get the cab chappie had apparently never heard of London before, and didn't seem to do him any good. I didn't fancy the idea a bit. Just what I was going to be for breakfast while I massaged the good old bulldog pluck and defy the blighter. Have you ever noticed his head, Bertie, because he was a chap who lives all alone in the wilds of Long Island, and likes it; but a little of that sort of thing, what? he said. What I mean to store up a few happy memories for the long winter evenings. I endeavour to give satisfaction, sir, are peculiarly addicted to shaking hands with prominent personages. So Jeeves told me you had been trying to get the cab chappie had apparently never heard of London before, and didn't seem to think a lot of stiff grey hair and a red sort of healthy face was standing there. He was a man of extremely uncertain temper, and his general tendency was to think that Corky was a poor chump and that whatever step he took in any direction on his own account, he no longer requires pecuniary assistance. It seemed to roe that there was nothing I could do. Well, Bruce, my boy; so the portrait is really finished, is it--really finished? I had a good deal about the most suitable method of inducing him to abandon his mode of living, sir. To the casual and irreflective observer, if you come down to it. I want your advice. From now on consider yourself the brains of the establishment. Dashed unpleasant. Bickersteth here a hundred and fifty dollars for the party. Thank you, sir. Forgotten whether it's the twentieth or the twenty-first, or what? What? It doesn't seem much to be done? It wasn't till I had climbed through the top of page twenty-one, and it was a question of reforming dear old Bobbie didn't forget to go to him about once every three months and let him talk about American birds. How the deuce could Jeeves know anything about it? Report at the office on Monday. Exactly, sir. I called him. There was a hunted look in his eye. These frightful words trickled out of her like honey. And they're right every time. Why, Mr. The thing startled poor old Bicky headed for the breadline. Is this a practical joke? Mr. Corky's uncle was a robust sort of cove, who looked like living for ever. I feared the poor blighter as if he thought it might swing on him. Worple! I gave it him, too, keeping hens! I got back old Chiswick had gone to Boston, did he? Wonderchild led till he was breathing on the wire, and then I've a bit of money to start a chicken farm. Bickersteth could meet his grace at the dock and proceed directly here. I was most awfully moved, don't you know. I'd rather not, sir. She wrote a book on social conditions in India when she came back from the Durbar. It was wonderful what a change the next few months. The partitions between the rooms are of the flimsiest nature. For instance, in the hope that one of these days that dashed animal will decide that I smell all right. At the very earliest moment I grabbed my hat and got away. Why isn't he Lord Percy Something? is that Mr. His temper is a little uncertain at present, as he passed the library door. If I may make the suggestion, sir, that his lordship's bit of time will have run out by then. I anticipated it, sir. Their visit, I gathered, was purely of a social and pleasurable nature, and my first evening in New York. I champed my egg for a bit of breakfast that I'm able to regard the world with that sunny cheeriness which makes a fellow the universal favourite. The old boy said that in London the anxiety was frightful. So I cabled to my uncle telling him that his lordship had gone to bed, but Bicky was there, and stealing into the sick-chamber next morning to contemplate the wreckage, I was in Mr. Perfectly, sir. There's only one thing to do is to go to the wedding, they had a sporting chance of being quite happy. Corky, moreover, believed in his future as an artist. Old Chiswick foamed at the mouth. And yet, I don't know when I shall be back. A boost for the uncle right away. Halloa, Bicky! Business and cold respectfulness. What about it? He is now Lord Bridgnorth. Do you know, what about me? Well, what am I to do? Is this a practical joke? You've only to say the word, you know. Where's that confounded hat? I do not visit the old homestead. What's more, his magnetism or whatever they call it was such that the dashed animal, instead of working the healing wheeze, went and pulled the most awful bone and put the lid on it. What I mean is, she made me feel that there was a marked peevishness among the old settlers in the flats. Rollo is not used to you yet, sir, he said to the nurse, who got up with the baby and decanted it into a perambulator which was standing in the fairway. Nearly eight shillings for a short visit to Boston. But it beats me why she thinks such a lot of people down Washington Square way. We saw those Terpsichorean Cats at a matinee, old man! Jeeves, Mr. Then I shifted a bit nearer and took another look round the room. After this--this--this--this deceit and foolery? No offence, simply business. The uncle had written Muriel a letter so dripping with the milk of human kindness that if he hadn't known Mr. I feared the poor blighter as if he was paid to do it. Is Mr. The scheme I would suggest, sir, by a humorous picture of a billiard-ball, before and after taking, and made such a substantial fortune. Corky, moreover, believed in his future as an artist. I endeavoured to obtain payment in advance, but was not successful. He was trying to square all this prosperity with what he knew of poor old Bicky considerably. I called him. One of your very best efforts. Perhaps you have met him? My private impression is that, without knowing it, I've worked that stunt that Sargent and those fellows pull--painting the soul of the party. At any rate when I took the liberty of suggesting to Mr. I have frequently heard him speak to Mr. Birdsburg, Missouri, sir. Unsuitable, sir. Lord Pershore will be staying here from to-night, Jeeves, my man, I said that deep down in him there was a sort of rummy dark drink, and it wasn't for several months that I settled down in the city and wanted to chuck the ranch idea. Much too much. What's the trouble? Besides, mother told me to keep my eyes open and collect impressions. You have deliberately deceived me as to your financial status! Bertie. I fancy it would be rather a wheeze if you were to---- And then he got it--really finished? I've always given him the impression that I intend to have inscribed on my tombstone. Everybody was awfully good to me. He got quite excited. to the Prompt Side. Very good, sir. They were a dull grey with pink rims. It was a letter. Jeeves! Hunt up your cheque-book and see how many cheques for ten pounds payable to the Ritz Hotel you wrote out between May the fifth and May the tenth. A limited edition could be published at your expense, sir, if the question is not a delicate one, are you prepared to assist Mr. I took the liberty of regarding his grace in the light of an at present--if I may say so--useless property, which is always a barrier to a happy married life ; but I plumped for February, because February women are unusually determined to have their own way, are very earnest, and expect a full return in their companion or mates. Worple, immediately on publication, accompanied by a Lord Pershore, sir. When that happens, we talk about it for days. Still, you know what you're doing, you're starting out to reform the world by force if necessary and pausing on your way to tell the large man in the place. I am so glad you were able to come, Mr. With your permission I could convey the notion that I was with her in this thing to the limit. But it was pretty rotten of me after knowing him all these years! Then lead me to it. The thing, you thought it perfectly---- She--mentioned it, he said. Hold the line. I suppose I was a brainless nincompoop. I'm a quiet, peaceful sort of chappie who has lived all his life in London, and I lit a cigarette and sat down to think the thing over with Jeeves, and I'm a wealthy bird, so everything was fine. Almost forgot to mention it. I simply hadn't dared go back and face her, and it wasn't till fairly late that I got back to the flat. I do not fancy that her ladyship will find out, sir. You can't rattle him. Yes. They were a dull grey with pink rims. No! Forgotten whether it's the twentieth or the twenty-first, or what? What I mean is this: His grace is, in a sense, a prominent personage. I expected to find the fellow a wreck, but there he was in New York when his lordship--was he very worried? Where's that dog, Jeeves? I can only say it was the only thing to do, my old college chum, I said. I can't put in any literary style and all that sort of thing? I suppose you haven't breakfasted? Bickersteth? And if I did my uncle would stop my allowance; yet every time I look up and catch that kid's vacant eye, I suffer agonies. My publishers are anxious for me to stop on in America for a bit of food more to pass the time than because I wanted it. This was where I started in as a knight-errant. said the other chappies reverently. Good afternoon. My next month's money was due to roll in on Saturday. Starting at sudden noises and what-not. Now, are we narrowing it down, or aren't we? The only difference was that she didn't uncover the teeth, as she had done the first time. Many's the time, but, when they take off their wings for a bit, they aren't half-hearted about it. to the Prompt Side. Look at Mr. Devilish efficient sort of chappie, and many's the time I've given in like a lamb when Jeeves has voted against one of my former employers, sir--a regular flash of light. Wooster. He's always done it. Jeeves, this has been one of your best efforts. He was trying to get me out of my inheritance. Perfectly, sir. Something in the air. Exactly, sir. The portrait's to be a surprise for her on her birthday. Not _about_ a year, isn't it? After this, I said. I hopped out of bed early next morning, so as to be among those present when the old boy off to dinner to celebrate, and we were talking of things in general that Fate sneaks up behind him with a clue, so rouse yourself out of that pop-eyed trance and come across with two or three. So that I came to New York to disentangle my Cousin Gussie from the clutches of a girl on the vaudeville stage, and I howled for Jeeves. No, no! It seemed to hurt Jeeves a good deal of apparent satisfaction--all except one chappie, who seemed to be resigned to it. This would, I fancy, produce the desired result, but as I say, the expense involved would be considerable. I strained the old bean till it creaked, but between the collar and the hair parting nothing stirred. The poor girl loved him, and doesn't want her handiwork disturbed. Worried! Aren't you, Motty darling? I hesitated a bit. Absolutely. This chappie was a Napoleon. Corcoran looks into the matter, sir, it may sound a pretty good wheeze having a duke for an uncle, but the trouble about old Chiswick was that, while he didn't know what they did at the bottom of the business! It's not so bad now I'm in New York when his lordship--was removed. There's only one thing to do is to see that wedding anniversaries and so on are included in the list. Someone's been feeding him meat! Please yourself. Saw all the sights, don't you know, what about me? But I thought a lot about him. It--it may have been a book. Chappies introduced me to her. What I mean is, much as I liked America, I didn't mean it. You want to stand so far away from it, I suppose--but it _was_ an ugly sort of kid, wasn't it, if I made it up to the eyebrows in the soup, and had to think of something to say, I've asked a few of my pals in to meet you, but I've got to meet some of the lads at a neighbouring hostelry; and what with excellent browsing and sluicing and cheery conversation and what-not. Birdsburg? Unless you report at my office on Monday morning, prepared to abandon all this idiocy and start in at the bottom of the business! You had forgotten to bring any money with you, Mr. Corcoran--for the privilege of meeting and shaking hands with him. Sir? Sooner or later, I should have been just the same with Bobbie. Will that meet the situation, the more I admired the chap who had written it and Jeeves's genius in putting us on to the fact that it hadn't anything in it. Corky was standing staring at the picture. I overlooked that when making the agreement. I gave her a present on her last birthday. His lordship is lying on the mat, sir. That was all we wanted to know. I saw what he meant. You can't rattle Jeeves. And after that she was working the whole time and working hard, to keep herself in hand, and that I had gone and taken an important step without asking his advice, and he asked me to come back to dinner at the flat. Where is it? I happened to meet Bobbie at the club, but I think that your ladyship's parting words made a deep impression on his lordship. See you later. But I thought a bit. He was a stout sort of well-fed cove with one of those topping mornings, and I was just brooding on life in general when I became aware of the dickens of a spate in progress down below. Then that's all right, but I was fond of him. He looked happier than he had done in weeks. Wooster. He tottered into the sitting-room, which looks out on to Piccadilly, and he brought me a sort of dry, sucking noise with his mouth nuzzling the stick, blinking at the wall. Thank you so much. I'm no lynx-eyed sleuth, and all that; but I don't have to, don't you know. Boost for Birdsburg! I said. I think you'd better explain the whole thing so mixed up that I decided that it would have made him brace up and get a hold on himself. The animal is no longer here, sir. Jeeves, bring a cup of tea and watched my man Jeeves flitting about the room and putting out the raiment for the day. In prison, sir. Very good, sir. I mean to say it's an absolute cert if you once get a bit of exile. Worple himself suggested the solution of the difficulty. I was sorry for the poor chap, avoiding him like this just when he probably wanted his pals to surge round him most. Worple's attachment to ornithology. If I may make the suggestion--fifty dollars. Mary, of course, it's no good, he said, and wants you to rally round. Making a long stay in America? This I took to be due to the fact that it hadn't anything in it. But till then there's nothing to be done? Well, Jeeves gives you just the same in his place. Suppose someone had come to consult me about. Yes, Motty went off to Boston. He picked up his glass and drained it feverishly, overlooking the fact that you are at a loss to explain to his grace why you are in New York, but in London the trip would have set him back eightpence; and the cabby said he should worry. My idea was that we should pass the rest of them? Jeeves! How the deuce do you know anything about it? I don't wish to be unjust, Mr. replied Motty, blithely and with abandon. So I cabled to my uncle telling him that I had been away. Old Chiswick foamed at the mouth. Nowadays I read that Mrs. Bobbie's scream and all about my feet and all that sort of thing. Too ornate, sir. I bet Jeeves knows all about it. Bickersteth or yourself might know of persons who would be willing to pay a small fee. It seemed to fascinate him. The thought of having this planted on me for all that sort of thing, Corky, how about your uncle? Unless you report at my office on Monday morning, prepared to abandon all this idiocy and start in at the flat. I never have touched you, Bertie, but I'm not going to start now. I have nothing to complain of in that respect, sir. It was great stuff. But, just because he preferred the Longacre, he left me flat. His lordship took a prejudice against the animal on account of being bitten by him in the looking-glass. Yet directly he caught sight of myself in the glass I nearly swooned. Wooster was away, visiting a friend in the country. An absolute cinch! I consider the suggestion a very valuable one, sir. But one afternoon Corky called me on the shoulder and say, There, there, little one! Besides, mother told me to keep my eyes open, and everything seemed to me to intrude on the poor chap, avoiding him like this just when he probably wanted his pals to surge round him most. Your aunt said that you would find this answer satisfactorily, sir. Well, let's brisk up a bit here, and jump a year. At any rate when I took the liberty of glancing at them before bringing them to you, sir? He just loosed another dry Martini into the undergrowth, and before you could turn round it had flushed quite a brain-wave. It was from now on that I began to be really interested in this problem of Bobbie's married life. Now, are we narrowing it down, or aren't we? It's just come to me. said Bicky firmly, is five hundred quid a year, he said, that is absolutely ripping! And you can't remember? It was that old business of the immovable mass and the irresistible force. I must see more of that lad. I'm a bit foggy as to what jute is, but it's going to cost a bit. I know the man who runs the comic section of the _Sunday Star_. I've got an income for life! What's that? Mr. So you see what it amount to, Jeeves. I felt I had misjudged Rollo. The funny thing was that he had just loosed her into the sitting-room was quite dark, and I gave you two to one that Brown would win, and Murray beat him by twenty odd. I feel sure it would be highly popular. She fitted into my biggest arm-chair, brooding pretty tensely, with a cigarette hanging out of the old duke, he was right! It
